Study1.0 | 52.
Because of its color.
Because of the body shape.
The body shape
Because of the colour
Because of the color and body shape.
Because of the color
Because of the body shape
Because of its color
Because of the color and body shape.
Because of the color
Because of its color of the eyes
Because of the color
Because of the color of the eyes
Because of its colors
Because of the body shape and number of legs
Because of its color
Because of its shape of the body
Because of the color of the eyes
Because of its colors
Because of the number of legs
Because of its colors
Because of its body shape
Because of its color and body shape
Because of its color

Study1.0 | 85.
It was hungry
It was hungry
Round body?
square body?
blue?
yellow color?
yellow?
color/shape/tail
straight tail
straight tail
straight tail?
blue
curly and yellow
curly
blue/round/straight
curly/yellow
blue/round/curly
round
all the above
body color straight
blue
yellow yet round
yellow with curly
yellow with straight

Study1.0 | 149.
It's a young sperk and needs additional food to get the right nutrients to continue growing to adult size.
This sperk might be a female who is pregnant and needs additional food for her litter.
The food is so good, and it's a new crop, so the sperk ate more than usual.
Based on the sperk's weight, this might be all the food it needs for the day.
This sperk has a larger stomach and went on a hunt with other sperks and needs extra energy.
The sperk knows that when extra food is available, it's best to have a little more. There might not be as much the next day.
This amount seems average for a sperk.
It's a very hot day, and the sperk doesn't feel so hungry.
To keep up with the other sperks, this one ate this much food so it wouldn't have to fight for its fair share.
This is an older adult sperk and doesn't need as much food.
This is a very young sperk and eats a ratio of less food than older ones.
There wasn't any food available on a hunt, so this sperk ate more when the hunt was over.
A baby sperk is getting used to the texture of the food.
This is an adult male who typically needs more food for hunting and general survival.
This sperk could be recovering from an illness and wants less food.
This sperk is average in size and weight and needs to maintain its health.
This sperk wants to keep up with the others of its kind, so more food will give it more energy.
This type of sperk is usually hungry all the time.
On a day when the sperk drinks more water than usual, this one will eat less.
This is a typical daily consumption for this type of sperk.
When a sperk is left alone in a strange place, it relies less on food and more on survival instincts.
This is an older type of sperk who needs to hunt more to provide for others.
This sperk might have a larger than normal stomach and will need more food.

Study2.0 | 58.
Has wi gs and a tail and is yellow
It's yellow and has a tail, no wings
Blue ,tail no wings
Yellow, tail and wings
Yellow, tail, no wings
Blue, wings and tail
Blue, tail, no will gs
Blue, wings and tail
Blue, wings and tail
Yellow wings a d tail
Because it was hungry
Yellow, tail
Yellow, tail
Blue, wi gs and tail
Didn't eat enough yestrrday
It was hungry
To fill it's belly
Because it was available
Blue no wings
To be able to fly
Just because
It didn't  est enough yesterday
To fill it's tummy
It was hungry

Study2.0 | 110.
Yellow, Wings, and Straight Tail
Curly Tail
Blue, Paws, Curly Tail
Straight tail, blue, paws
Yellow, curly tail, paws
Blue, Wings, Curly tail
Yellow, paws, straight tail
Wings, blue, straight tail
Wings, blue
Yellow
Blue
Wings
Paws
Wings, curly tail
Curly tail, blue, paws
Yellow
Curly tail
Paws, straight tail
Paws, curly tail
Straight tail, yellow, wings
Yellow, curly tail
Blue, wings
Blue, wings, curly tail
Yellow, paws, straight tail

Study2.0 | 160.
It has wings and a curly tail and is yellow so it eats 2
It eats 3 because it is blue
Straight tails eat more food than curly tails, so it has 5.
Straight tails tend to eat more peppers
It is blue so it eats 5 peppers
Straight tails signal it eats more.
Curly tails tend to eat less than straight tails
It eats more because it is both blue and straight tailed.
It eats less than blue colors but still more than curly tails, so it eats 3
It is not blue and does not have paws so it eats less than blue or paws eats
It has paws and a curly tail so it eats more than winged sperks
It is blue and straight tailed which both eat more than yellow or curly tailed sperks.
It is blue and curly tailed so it eats more
Blue and curly tailed sperks seem to eat more.
Winged and straight tail eats more than winged and curly tails?
Blue sperks with straight tails seem to eat more
It is blue which seem to eat more, but I think winged may not have anything to do with it, it also has a straight tail
Straight tails seem to eat more than their curly tailed counterparts
It eats 5 because it is straight tailed and winged
Blue tends to eat more than yellow, but this one has a curly tail so doesnt seem like it would eat as much as it would with a straight tail?
Yellow and curly tails tend to eat less than blue and straight tails, it seems anyway
It's yellow and curly tailed so eats less than a blue or straight tail would.
Blue and straight tails tend to eat more it seems.
Curly tailed sperks seem to eat less than straight tailed ones with all other things being equal.

Study2.0 | 164.
Perhaps winged sperks have a moderate appetite
Perhaps curly tailed sperks require less food
Maybe blue sperks have a high enough appetite that it overcomes the non-winged lack of appetite 
Blue and winged sperks both eat more than other, combining those traits they eat twice as much 
The straight tail makes sperks slightly more hungry than their curt tailed companions 
Yellow plus curl is an appetite suppressant 
Blue winged sperks eat a lot, but the curly tail subtracts some appetite 
Blue straight tailed sperks have the strongest appetite 
Curly tailed and winged sperks require the least food, regardless of color 
Blue winged straight tailed sperks always eat the most 
I suppose he was just very hungry that day. Similar sperks were observed eating much less
He was particularly hungry. Some days he may eat less
His appetite was merely lower this day 
Other blue non-winged straight-tailed sperks were also very hungry 
I’m starting to think that a sperks physical traits aren’t related to their intake. He was just not very hungry 
This same type of sperk has eaten substantially less in the past. He wasn’t hungry today 
Appetite was above average today. Nothing todo with other traits
Although, blue non-winged curly-tailed sperks tend to eat a solid amount 
This sperks was simply moderately hungry today
And this one had barely an appetite 
Moderate appetite. Unrelated to physical traits 
He was starving today. But not related to physical traits 
Extreme appetite today. No relation to color, wingedness, or tail
Low to moderate appetite today. No link to physical traits 

Study2.0 | 203.
It is yellow
It is yellow
It has a curvy tail
It has a curvy tail
It is blue
It has a curvy tail and wings
It has wings
It is yellow with wings
It is blue with wings and curvy tail
It has 4 legs 
It has 4 legs and straight tail
It is yellow with 4 legs
It has wings and curvy tail
It has wings
It has 4 legs and curvy tail
It has wings
It has wings
It is blue with pointy ears
It is yellow
It has wings
It has 4 legs and curvy tail
It has wings
It has wings and straight tail
It has 4 legs and curvy tail

Study3.0 | 2.
Bright green color
Bright green color
Red color makes it less fertile
Red color makes it less fertile
Bright green color
Red color makes it less fertile
Bright green color = fertile
red color makes it less color
bright green color = more fertile
red color = less fertile
bright color = more fertile
red color = less fertile
red color = less fertile
red color = less fertile
bright green color = more fertile
bright green color = more fertile

Study3.0 | 9.
It's lack of spines
The claws
The color red
The claws and spots
The claws and spots and lack of red
lack of claws
lack of claws and not being red
Claws and color
lack of claws
lack of claws
claws but not green
claws
lack of claws and red color
no claws
not being red
claws and being red

Study3.0 | 103.
Because this reptile reproduced 4 offsprings that grew into maturity
because this reptile reproduced 6 offsprings
Because this reptile reproduced 5 offsprings
Because this reptile reproduced 6 offsprings in that season
Because this reptile reproduced 2 offsprings during that season
Because this reptile reproduced 5 offsprings
Because this reptile reproduced 9 offsprings that season
Because this reptile reproduced 8 offsprings that season
Because this reptile reproduced 1 offspring that season
Because this reptile reproduced 8 offsprings that season
Because this reptile reproduced 9 offsprings that season
Because this reptile reproduced 1 offspring that season
Because this reptile reproduced 7 offsprings that season
Because this reptile reproduced 1 offspring that season
Because this reptile reproduced 4 offsprings that season
Because this reptile reproduced 4 offsprings that season

Study3.0 | 108.
It is green.
It is a spotted red.
It is a spotted red.
It is just a spotted green.
It is a spotted red with claws.
It is a spotted red with webbed feet.
It is a spotted green with webbed feet.
It is a spotted green with claws.
It is a spotted red with claws.
It is a spotted green with claws.
It is a spotted red with webbed feet.
It is a spotted green with webbed feet.
It is a spotted green with claws.
It is a spotted red with webbed feet.
It is a spotted green with webbed feet.
It is a spotted red with claws.

Study3.0 | 129.
its color is vibrant so it attracts a lot of attention
its another vibrant colored reptile
the spots are very subtle
the color is unique 
the color is unique and you can see the spots quite clearly
its a bit yellow on the chin in combination with the unique color of the reptile itself
it has a very green and radiant look
it has rounded fingers
the fingers are pointy
its tail is short
the tips of the fingers are muilticolored
its clear in detail with pointy fingers
it has an orange belly
it is normal
spots are barely visible
its normal

Study4.0 | 13.
He looks happy and full of energy
This guy looks charming and ready to go.
He must have been having a bad day.
This one doesn't seem as energetic as the other ones.
5 is a middling score so this could have gone either way.
This one has attractive stripes.
Not sure why this one didn't do so well.
I think it's the stripes. 
I can't tell this one has the stripes he should have done better
It's the stripes
The stripes are too pale on this one.
This one has ok-looking stripes. 
Good strong stripes makes a fertile reptile
I thin this one has weaker stripes than the others but I cant be sure.
Maybe it's the stripes, maybe it's something else.
It has something to do with the direction of the stripes maybe

Study4.0 | 61.
It is striped.
Stripes are slightly more visible.
Looks more fully developed in the hands and feet
stripes
good development
not fully developed, webbed feet
no webbed feet, short tail
webbed feet
longer tail and webbed feet
no webbed feet
fully developed
under-developed, webbed feet
webbed feet
no webbed feet, stripes halfway 
webbed feet, stripe pattern
no webbed feet

Study4.0 | 71.
It was friendly and attractive to others of the species
It wasn't the right season
It looked ready
It looked ready
It wasn't of age
it was too young
it was ther season
it was the season
it was entering the breeding season
it was ready
it wasn't ready
it was peak season
it had just bred
it was peak season
it had just bred
it was ready to mate

Study4.0 | 80.
The reptile has stripes and looks very happy. It has sharp claws.
The reptile has webbed feet and darker stripes than the previous reptile. This allows it to better find a mate.
This reptile has stripes that go a different direction but claws similar to the first reptile. This means that the claws did not have as much an impact than the stripes.
This reptile has the same webbed feet as reptile number two but different stripes. This means that the stripes in this case have a negative impact on fertility.
This frog has similar stripes and clawed feet. I am not sure the difference in fertility score. It could have to do with the mix in claws and stripes.
This direction of stripes is having a negative impact on the fertility score. It appears the claws do not have much impact.
Again, the webbed feet doesn't appear to be the difference. The direction of the stripes across the body seems to be an issue.
This reptile has the preferred stripe arrangement compared to the other reptiles. Webbed feet may have a negative impact?
This frog has the wrong direction stripes which is why the fertility is low.
Yes, finally a frog with claws and vertical stripes. These are the desirable traits of the reptile.
This reptile has webbed feet, so it appears that the stripes are the most important factor.
This frog has the wrong direction stripes.
This frog has the right direction stripes, but may have other traits unseen.
This reptile has wrong direction stripes, so there must be another trait unseen.
This frog has the wrong stripes, so its fertility is low.
This frog has the right stripes, which helps. It is unclear what is making the fertility average.

Study4.0 | 115.
Stripes indicate fertility
reptiles that are overweight are less fertile
A clear stomach indicates fertility
thin stripped reptiles are fertile
sharp claws indicate infertility
stripes and sharp claws indicate medium fertility
Dull claws are a good sign of fertility
webbed feet and strips indicated moderate fertility
sharp claws and stripes are a sign of moderate to low fertility.
thinner reptiles tend to me moderate to high fertilie
dull webbed toes are a good sign of at least medium fertility
dull webbed toes 
thin close stripes indicate fertility
webbed toes help fertility
a stripped and dull web toes creature has high fertility
sharp claws are an indicator of low fertility.

Study5.0 | 4.
Because it’s stripes are diagonal 
Because it’s stripes are up and down
Because of its feet being curled 
Because it’s feet are webbed with diagnol stripes 
Webbed feet with up and down stripes 
The stripes are zig zagged
The stripes are diagonal 
Webbed feet with diagonal stripes 
The stripes are zig zagged
Webbed feet with diagonal stripes 
Curled feet
Zig zagged up and down stripes 
Diagonal stripes 

Webbed feet with zig zag stripes 
Up and down zig zag stripes curled feet
Webbed feet

Study5.0 | 86.
because he has stripes
his stripes are curving upwards
his stripes curving upwards along with his feets curving downwards
stripes curving side to side and toes not curving downward
toes curving downward
stripes curving upward but toes curving downward
stripes curving upward but his toes are not downward so that's good
stripes side to side normal and toes not curving down perfect
stripes upward and toes inward
stripes upward but his toes are straight which is good
stripes side to side and toes are straight good
stripes side to side good but toes downward bad
stripes upward
stripes side to side but toes curled down
stripes upward and toes curled down very bad
stripes side to side and toes straight beautiful

Study5.0 | 165.
Higher fertility score due to clawed feet and stripes
Lower fertility score due to webbed feet
Lower fertility score because of webbed feet
Higher fertility score due to clawed feet
Lower fertility score because of webbed feet
Higher fertility score due to clawed feet
Higher fertility score due to stripes
Higher fertility score due to clawed feet
Higher fertility due to clawed feet
Lower score due to webbed feet
Lower score due to stripes left
Lower score due to webbed feet
Lower score due to left stripes and webbed feet
Higher score due to clawed feet
High score due to clawed feet
Lower score due to webbed feet

Study5.0 | 179.
He has stripes that go to the left
stripes go to the right
she has webbed feet and stripes to the right
webbed feet and left pointing stripes
striped to the left and webbed feet
stripes to the right and webbed feet
stripes to the right and curly feet
stripes to the left and curled feet
curly feet and left stripes
stripes left and webbed feet
curly feet
stripes to the right
webbed feet
right stripes
left stripes and curly feet
webbed feet and right stripes

Study5.0 | 247.
I have no previous data so at this time I can not explain why 
I would say the webbed feet in comparison to the first one
Curly feet and stripped pattern.
Webbed feet seems to result in higher fertility 
The curly feet seem to lower fertility
Although webbed feet the stripped pattern differs from others having higher fertility 
The curly feet
Webbed feet and pattern have shown in the past to show higher fertility 
Curly feet
Curly feet and pattern
Webbed feet shown in past to have higher fertility 
Both webbed feet and pattern shown to have higher fertility 
Curly feet is the reason for low fertility 
Webbed feet is the reason for high fertility 
Webbed feet is the reason for the higher fertility 
I would say the pattern here would be the main reason for the higher fertility 

Study5.0 | 286.
his stripes go up and to the right so that makes him a less compatible mate

his stripes go up and to the right as well so he recieves the same score

his striped so up and to the left and his feet are not webbed
his feet are webbed and his stripes go up and to the left

his feet are webbed and his stripes go up and to the left
his feet are not webbed and stripes go to the right
stripes are to the left and he had to get lucky given hsi feet are not webbed
his feet are webbed but his stripes go to the right which results in a medium score
he has both attributes that result in a high fertility 
he has the stripes going the wrong way but webbed feet
he has both negative attributes
he has the stripes going in the right direction but he must have gotten lucky given his feet are not webbed
he has both attributes that are positive

his stripes go the wrong way but he has webbed feet
he has both negative attributes
he has the main positive attribute but not webbed feet

