1.
the pattern of its stripes
the stripe pattern 
stripe patternwebbed toes
stripe pattern and webbed toes
stripped patternseparated toes
separated toes
webbed toes
web toes
webbed toes
curved toes
webbed toes
curved toes stripes to the right
stripes going left
striped going right
downward stripes
webbed toes

2.
I have no idea since this is the first reptile. I’m unable to find a correlation between its feet and stripes and fertility 
I notice this one doesn’t have webbed feet
This one has webbed feet and its stripes go up and to the right 
Up and to the right stripes seem to have lower scores 
Up and to the right with webbed feet
Webbed feet and up and to the left 
Unwebbed and up and to the left 
Up to the right and unwebbed
Curved feet and up to the right 
Webbed and up to the left 
Curved and up to the left. Ideal
Webbed and to the right 
Now I’m confused. Curved and to the left should be higher 
Webbed to the left. To the left is the dominant trait 
Webbed to the right. Not ideal 
Curbed to the right 

3.
Up and to the left stripes and curvy feet.
Lines up and to the right, curvy feet.
Up and to the right lines, webbed feet.
up and to the left, webbed feet.
up and to the left, curvy feet
up and to the left, webbed feet
up and to the right, curvy feet
up and to the right, webbed feet
up and to the right, curvy feet
up and to the right, webbed feet
up and to the left, curvy feet
up and to the left, webbed feet
up and to the right, webbed feet
up and to the left, webbed feet
up and to the left, curvy feet
up and to the right, curvy feet

4.
Because it’s stripes are diagonal 
Because it’s stripes are up and down
Because of its feet being curled 
Because it’s feet are webbed with diagnol stripes 
Webbed feet with up and down stripes 
The stripes are zig zagged
The stripes are diagonal 
Webbed feet with diagonal stripes 
The stripes are zig zagged
Webbed feet with diagonal stripes 
Curled feet
Zig zagged up and down stripes 
Diagonal stripes 

Webbed feet with zig zag stripes 
Up and down zig zag stripes curled feet
Webbed feet

5.
Reptile had 6 offspring live to maturity, possibly due to curved to the right stripes.
Stripes curved to the left, same toes as previous image so no difference there.
Possibly toes, these are webbed
Toes are webbed
Toes are webbed
Toes are webbed
Toes are curled
Possible pattern to the right
Stripes up and to the right
Stripes to the right, toes webbed
webbed toes, stripes to the left
Curled toes, stripes to the left
Curled toes, stripes up and to the right
webbed toes, stripes up and to the right
webbed toes, stripes up and to the left
curled toes, stripes up and to the left

6.
No information on how fertile 9 is.  toes straight; stripes to left
could be stripes to right
still lower than first and again stripes to right.  All have had straight toes
stripes to left and fertility still higher than average so far
stripes to right, toes straight and again, right direction stripes associated with lower fertility
As before.
Again, stripes toward left associated with higher fertility
As immediately prior
stripes to left; toes are curly, although I previously did not perceive a difference between curly version and straight.
Stripes to right and straight toes weaken previous associations, though 6 is not high enough to not to account for much
stripes to left; straight toes; direction of stripes so far is stronger indicator
stripes here to right and curly toes.  reinforce direction and does not counter toe form
stripes to left
stripes to left. toes being curly reinforce suggestion that this feature is not strongly associated with fertility
stripes to right, reinforces association of that direction with lower fertility
again, stripes to right.  Toes continue to be not be strongly associated with fertility

7.
These are more fertile because their stripes go across their body and their feet are not webbed.
This reptile is not super fertile because their fee are webbed and their stripes go up their body.
Their stripes go down instead of up and have webbed feet.
This reptile is not so fertile because their stipes go up their body and they do not have webbed feet.
Fertile score is a little unsual because of the webbed feet and stripes go up towards their face.
Even though this reptile has lines going away from it's face, it has not webbed feet so it's is in the middle of fertility.
The lines of this reptile going up towards it's face and not webbed feet, make it not very firtile.
This reptile has both webbed feet and lines that do not go towards it's face so it is fertile.
This reptile has webbed feet and lines going up to the right.  The webbed feet helps make the fertile score a little higher.
Even though this reptile has lines going up to the left, it has pointy feet which is why the score is low.
Webbed feet combined with lines that go to the left are why this reptile has a higher score.
This reptile is a little unusual because it has lines going to the left and pointy feet.  
This reptile has both webbed feet and lines going to the left which usually means a higher score.  It is unusual for this one to be in the middle.
This reptile having pointy feet is a likely cause of the lower score.
The webbed feet are usually an indicator of a high score.  Lines going to the right are usually an indicator of low score which makes this an unusual 10
Pointy feet with lines going to the right generally have lower scores.

8.
I believe this reptile ranked number four because of how it's stripes are angled and the way its feet are shaped.
Because it's stripes are downturned not upturned and it's toes on it's feet are more straight than down like the one before .
Because it's stripes are also downturned but the toes on it's feet are downward as well and not straight like the ones before.
I believe it's because everything is correct the tail is right the stripes are upwards and the toes on it's feet are straight.
I believe it's maybe because this reptile may be in a different breeding season than the one before it was.
I think it's because the toes on the feet are not curved and maybe also it's a different breeding season
I believe maybe because the feet are different specifically the downturned toes.
This reptiles toes are downturned and its stripes are downturned as well not upturned like the others with higher fertility were.
Because it's stripes are angled upward to the left and its feet are webbed 
Because it's stripes are upturned to the right.
Because it's stripes are upward to the left and its feet are not webbed
It's stripes are upturned to the right and its feet are webbed
Same as the one before because it's stripes are upward to the left and it has webbed feet as wel
Because its feet are not webbed
Its feet are not webbed AND the stripes are upturned right
No webbed feet as well as stripes that are upturned left

9.
pointy feet stripes left to right
pointy feet stripes right to left
pointy feet stripes left to right
web feet stripes right to left light colored tips on feet
web feet stripes left to right light colored tips on feet
pointy feet stripes right to left light colored tips on feet
pointy feet stripes right to left
pointy feet stripes left to right
pointy feet
pointy feet
stripes right to left
stripes left to right
pointy feet
pointy feet
web feet
web feet

10.
Stripes across back and tail
Stripes on back and tail
Stripes on back and tail with webbed feet
Stripes on back and tail with webbed feet
Stripes on back and tail with clawed feet
Stripes on back and tail with clawed feet
Striped on back and tail with webbed feet
Stripes on back and tail with webbed feet
Right stripes with sharp feet
left stripes with web feet
left striped with sharp feet
right stripes with web feet
left stripes with web feet
right stripes with sharp feet
left stripes with sharp feet
right stripes with web feet

11.
Stripes point down and to the right
Stripes point down and to the right
His stripes point up and to the right and his feet are webbed
Score reduced for points that point up and to the right, toes are curled
His score is better because his feet are webbed
His score is lower because his toes are curled
His score WOULD be low because of his curled toes, but his stripes pointing down and to the right mitigate this effect
+1 point for webbed toes
Low score because stripes point to the right
Low score because stripes point to the right + curled toes
Score is slightly higher because of the stripes pointing up and to the left. This compensates slightly for the curled toes
Up-left stripes and webbed toes = high fertility
Stripes raise the score, curly toes lower it
Bad stripes. Bad toes
Webbed toes
Webbed toes

12.
Webbed feet and stripes that go up and left.
non-webbed feet and stripes that go up and right
webbed feet and stripes that go up and right
non webbed feet and stripes that go up and left.
non webbed feet, stripes that go up and right
webbed feet and stripes that go up and left.
webbed feet and stripes that go up and right
non webbed feet and stripes that go up and left.
curved feet stripes up and right
curved feet stripes up and left
webbed feet stripes up left
webbed feet stripes up right
curved feet stripes up right
webbed feet stripes up right
curved feet stripes up left
webbed feet stripes up left

13.
As of right now the only features that can be seen are webbed feet and a straight tail. 
This reptile received a 7 because it has curled feet. That’s the only difference. 
This reptile got a 4. The feet are curled and the stripes are up and to the left. 
Webbed feet and stripes going up and to the right gave it a score of 3. 
Webbed feet and stripes going to the left. Webbed feet have less reproductive potential. 
Curled feet and stripes going to the right got a 10. Extremely fertile. Curled feet are likely to reproduce more. 
Curled feet but stripes going left. Slight decrease but the stripe pattern had an effect. 
Webbed feet and received a score of 6 because of the stripes going to the right. 
Webbed feet and stripes going to the right. Webbed feet reptiles have a lower fertility score. Right stripes have a higher score, thus balancing the score to 5
Webbed feet and left stripes both are features that have the lowest scoring. 
Right stripes and curled feet have the highest chances of fertility. 
Curled feet and left stripes. The curled feet gave the reptile a better fertility rate and the left stripes prevented it from getting a perfect score. 
Webbed feet and striped going to the left have the lowest fertility potential.
Curled feet and stripes going to the right have the highest fertility potential. 
Webbed feet being a low fertility feature but stripes going to the right didn’t help for this reptile. A change in season could be the factor. 
Curled feet being a higher fertility feature but left stripes being a low fertility feature didn’t have an effect on this reptile. A different season could possibly be the reason for this number. 

14.
The striped pattern is making it less fertile. Or the curled toes are making it less fertile.
So striped might be good. Or straight toes might be good. 
Striped pattern seems to have some positive affect. Curly toes still seems to lower fertility.
Okay, now we are striped with webbed toes, and the score it bad. Maybe neither has an affect. I'll have to keep looking at data. Stripes = bad. Webbed toes = bad.
Stripes = great. Webbed toes = great. I think the two factors have not affect on fertility. This 9 is due to other factors. 
Striped and webbed combination gets a 7. Supporting that neither is a factor since the combo is 1, 9, and 7. Watching direction of stripe now. 
Striped to the right and curly lowers fertility.
Striped to the left and curly = positive trend in fertility.
Striped left, curly = 7. Maybe curly does matter.
Striped right, webbed = low fertility. The right striping is affecting fertility 
Striped left, curly. The curly feet are affecting fertility in a negative way.
Striped left and webbed = high fertility.
Striped left + webbed = high fertility. The striping has a large affect on fertility. The feet can bring down striping's effect.
The right stripping causes low fertility in all feet type. 
Stripe left increases fertility. Feet have no affect on fertility.
Stripe right causes low fertility. The feet do not affect fertility.

15.
Because that is how many offspring made it to maturity 
Probably was a different season then the first 
Different seasons I'm sure it also has to do with how many offspring survived to maturity 
Has to do with the seasons and offspring that survived to maturity 
Survived offspring and season 
Probably was not in a mating season or either not in a well breeding environment 
A High number of off spring made it to maturity 
Probably was not in a good enough environment for offspring to survive 
Because of the amount of offspring that made it to maturity 
Right seasons and environment 
Offspring did not survive 
Probably seasonal change 
Offspring probably was doing well and then environmental or seasonal change
Proper seasons and environment 
Environmental or seasonal change
Seasonal change 

16.
The stripes are going up and to the right.
the stripes are going up and to the right.
because the stripes are going down and to the right.
because the stripes are going down and to the right.
because the stripes are going down and to the right.
the direction of the stripes, down and to the right.
their stripes are going up and to the right. 
stripes up and to the right.
webbed feet, stripes up and right
stripes down and right, toes not webbed.
stripes down and right, but webbed feet.
stripes up and right, unwebbed.
both stripe direction and unwebbed feet
stripes up and right, webbed feet. must be an off year for their fertility.
stripes direction mostly, though webbed feet.
right stripe direction, hindered by unwebbed feet.

17.
The reptile received this fertility score because of it's stripes being diagonal.
This one's stripes are in a different diagonal direction.
This reptile received it's score because of it's curly feet!
Diagonal stripes.
The reptile's feet are curly, I think that makes the fertility score higher.
It's curly feet!
It has webbed feet, it decreased the score.
This reptile has webbed feet, and that makes its fertility score go down.
Curly toes seems to mean it's more fertile.
These toes are webbed and the score is lower.
Curly toes make the fertility higher.
Webbed toes drop the score.
Webbed toes make the fertility lower
Webbed toes, but I think the stripes going diagonally to the right made it slightly higher.
Curly toes and the stripes going diagonally to the left. They seem to both have an effect.
Curly toes, but the stripes going diagonally to the top right seemed to drop it slightly.

18.
Not many kiddos
down stripe had medium fertility
down stripe low fertility
down striped pointy toes medium fertility
down stripe pointy toes medium fertility
down stripe web toes high fertility
down stripe web toes low fertility
right stripe pointy low fertility
up right web medium fertility
up left web high fertility
up left pointy medium fertility
up right pointy low fertility
up left pointy high fertility
up right web low fertility
up left web high fertility
up right pointy low fertility

19.
Unclear
Feet
Feet
Feet
Feet and right stripes
Right strips but pointy feet
Curved feet but left stripes
Left stripes and pointy feet
Left stripes and pointy feet
Webbed feet but left stripes
Webbed feet and right stripes
Right stripes but pointy feet
Right stripes and pointy feet
Left stripes pointy feet
Left stripes webbed feet
Right stripes webbed feet, bad year?

20.
The reptile looks perfect normal with all feet and functions working properly 
Seems like this reptiles skin is a little bit better then the previous reptile
Again seems like the reptiles skin isn’t fully developed yet perhaps 
This reptile seem to maybe have shorter fingers then the previous reptiles 
Not exactly sure why this reptile received the score it got but my guesses would be make arms and ligaments plus skin is ideal
This reptiles fingers are a bit long and curly
Reptiles, legs, arm and skin are almost fully developed
Maybe the arms and ligaments are too short than the previous reptiles
The reptile didn’t have webbed feet
The reptile didn’t have webbed feet
This reptile have webbed feet but also the strips of his skin
This reptilian had pointy feet
The reptile had webbed feet again with its skin pattern going up right 
This reptilian had pointy feet with stripes going upright
The coat of this reptilian seem to diagonally slanted
This reptilian had webbed feet with stripes going diagonal

21.
I believe that this is a middling fertility score for a plain reptile.
I believe that this reptile, which is plain, may be especially successful, and doesn't reflect its species.
I believe this is a plain reptile with a middling fertility score.
This reptile seems like an outlier of its species.
This seems like a middling, plain reptile.
I believe that this might be a more normal reptile of its species.
I believe that this one is just normal.
I believe that this one is outstanding for its species.
I believe that this score may be related to its claws and stripe patterning.
I believe its webbed claws makes it less fertile.
I believe its fertility score is due to its webbed claws.
I believe it's more fertile due to its sharp claws.
I believe it's more fertile because of its sharp claws.
sharp claws increase fertility.
webbed claws decrease fertility.
I believe its fertility score may be influenced by its stripes.

22.
maybe color or stripes
maybe color or stripes
color or stripes
stripes?
stripes downward to the right
stripes downward to the right
stripes upward to the right
stripes upward to the right
stripes up leftwebbed feet
stripes down to the rightwebbed feet
stripes up rightcurved feet
stripes down rightcurved feet
stripes down rightcurved feet
stripes down rightwebbed feet
stripes up rightcurved feet
stripes up rightwebbed feet

23.
The reptile received a low fertility score because it has stripes on the upper left portion of its body.
The reptile received a low fertility score because it has stripes on the upper left portion of its body.
The reptile received a high fertility score because it has stripes going from left to right.
The reptile has a high fertility score because of its stripe pattern.
The reptile has an average fertility score because its stripes are more diagonal.
The reptile received a higher fertility score because its stripes move from left to right and in a more vertical direction.
The reptile received a fairly high fertility score because its stripes lean to the right and are in a more vertical direction.
The reptile received a fairly high fertility score because it has curled feet.
This reptile received a high fertility score because it has webbed feet.
The reptile received a lower fertility score because of its curled feet.
The reptile received a higher fertility score because of its webbed feet.
The reptile received a very low fertility score because of its curled feet.
The reptile received a low score for its curled feet and stripe pattern.
The reptile received a higher score for its webbed feet.
The reptile received a higher score for its stripe pattern.
The reptile received an exceptionally high score for its webbed feet.

24.
positive attitude
not sure
more stripes i think
it has more stripes than the last one
okay i really have no idea. each one has more stripes than the last 
i dont know they all look the same to me
again looks the same to me
same
webbed feet stripes up left
webbed feet stripes up right
webbed feet contributes to low fertility striped up right contribute to high
webbed and up left = bad
clawed = good up left = bad
not sure again im lost
clawed and up right
webbed up right

25.
webbed feet, stripes going up and right
curled feet stripes up and left 
webbed feetupper left stripes
clawed feet, upper right stripes
webbed feetupper left stripes
webbed feetupper right stripes
curled feetupper left stripes
curled feetupper left stripes
curly feet
upper right stripes
curled toes
webbed feet
upper right stripes
curly toesupper left stripes
webbed feet
webbed feetupper right stripes

26.
This reptile has a high fertility score because they have none webbed feet they can hold on to branches with. 
low fertility score because of the webbed feet making it harder to hold on to the branches with. 
low fertility score because of webbed feet.
This reptile has a low fertility score of 3 because of its pattern.
This reptile has a middle fertility score but also has webbed feet. 
This reptile has a high fertility score of 9 because of its clawed feet. 
This reptile has a mid fertility score of 5 with clawed feet. 
This reptile has a low fertility score of 4 because it has webbed feet. 
The stripes going diagonally left to right give it a higher fertility score but the webbed feet lower the fertility score a little.
This reptile has a low fertility rate because the stripes on the reptile go diagonally from right to left and the reptile has webbed feet. 
This reptile has a high fertility rate of 8 because it has stripes that go from left to right and pointy feet. 
This reptile has a low fertility rate of 3 because the stripes on its back go from right to left, but it's still a little fertile because it has pointy feet. 
This reptile has the highest fertility rate because it has the pattern on its back that goes left to right and it has pointy feet. 
This reptile has a low fertility score of 4 because its stripes on its back go from right to left but its still slightly fertile because it has pointy feet. 
This reptile has a low fertility rate of 1 because it has stripes that go right to left and it has webbed feet. 
This reptile has a relatively high fertility rate because it has stripes that go from left to right but it not the highest because it has webbed feet. 

27.
it's green and there's a green background. it could survive and reproduce because predators couldn't see it.
the stripes made it stand out from the background.
the stripes made it stand out from the background.
the coloration helped it blend in.
the coloration helped it blend in.
the stripes made it stand out.
the coloration helped it blend in.
the stripes made it stand out.
the stripes made it stand out.
the webbed feet helped it swim
the stripes helped it to not stand out.
the webbed feet helped it swim but the stripes made it stand out.
the stripes made it stand out
the webbed feet helped it move.
the webbed feet helped it to move
not having webbed feet hurt its chances in some way

28.
The reptile has green stripes on his back and tail
The reptiles toes are pointy
The reptiles toes are pointy and they have stripes
The reptile has webbed toes and they are rounded
The reptile has pointy toes that aren't webbed and stripes
Pointy toes
They have roundedd webbed toes and dark stripes
Webbed toes
They have stripes going down with webbed toes
They have pointy toes
They have stripes going the left but have pointy toes
They have webbed round toes and the stripes are going to the left
The stripes are going to the left and they have roundedd webbed toes
The stripes are going to he right which is bad but they have round toes
Stripes are going to the right and they have pointy toes
Stripes are going to the left but has pointy toes I don't know I am so confused at this point

29.
This reptile is very fertile because it has stripes that are angled up and to the right and webbed feet.
This reptile is fertile because it has its stripes angled up and to the right.
This reptile is not fertile because its stripes are angled down and it has webbed feet.
This reptile is fertile because it has curly feet, but not too fertile because its stripes are angled down.
This reptile is not fertile because its stripes are angled down and it has webbed feet.
This reptile is fertile because its stripes are angled up and to the right and it has curly feet.
This reptile is not fertile because of its webbed feet. Its stripes being angled up gives it a little better score.
This reptile is not fertile because its stripes are angled down to the right. However, its curly toes help its fertility.
This reptile has a great fertility score because of its curly toes and stripes angled up.
Curly toes bring up its fertility, but downward stripes bring it down.
Downward stripes and webbed toes bring its fertility very low.
Upward stripes help its fertility whereas webbed toes bring it down.
Downward stripes hurt fertility and webbed toes do as well.
This reptile has a high fertility because of its curly toes.
Webbed feet bring it down
Curly toes means high fertility.

30.
Not enough information to have any idea yet.
Still completely unsure
Stripes up and to the left?
Stripes up and to the right?
No idea
No idea
stripes and feet
Stripes up and to the right
Webbed feet and stripes to the left
Stripes to the right
Stripes to the right
Stripes to the left
Stripes to the right, (?) and curved feet
Curved feet
Stripes to the left and webbed feet
Webbed feet but stripes to the right

31.
feet curve to the right
feet not webbed
webbed feet
webbed feet
she has webbed feet
non-webbed feet
non-webbed feet that curve to the right
webbed feet that curve to the left
stripes up, feet curved
stripes to the left, curved feet
stripes to the left, webbed feet
stripes up, feet webbed
stripes left, feet webbed
stripes up, feet webbed
stripes left, feet curved
stripes up, feet curved

32.
He's green so he's easily seen.Looks like the vegitation behind him is green as well so it's probably spring time.
It looks like the vegetation behind him has started changing colors to yellowish in parts. This might mean it's now summer or the end of summer and mating season may be ending.
His stripes are darker. There are more yellow leaves so the season might be ended.
He's really charismatic, attracts all the ladies.
There are yellow leaves so mating season might be over.
He had darker stripes.
His stripes stand out.
He looks friendly.
His stripes are down.
His stripes are up.
Stripes are up.
Stripes are down.
stripes are down.
Stripes are up.
Stripes are horizontal.
Stripes are up.

33.
The reptile's stripes keep it safe and healthy enough to give birth to a fair amount of offspring. Due to its webbed feet, it probably puts them near water to keep them safe.
This creature lives near water due to its webbed feet, which helps protect its young. However, it's stripes are not as effective for protection as the last one.
This creature has claws instead of webbing, so it protects its offspring on land, possibly around vegetation. The banding on its back might help it to hide in the vegetation.
As with the previous reptile, this one has clawed feet which implies it lives on land. Its stripes are pointed to the right instead of the left, which may help to conceal it among the plants in the area.
The reptile's webs imply it lives near water. Due to the low score, it is possible that its banding does not help to conceal it very well in this area.
This reptile has webbing like the last, but its banding goes in the opposite direction. It is possible that this pattern of stripes helps to conceal it a bit better than the other direction.
This creature has right facing stripes and claws to live around vegetation. This seems to be a good way to conceal the reptile around foliage.
This creature has claws to live near vegetation, but its bands point to the left instead of right. This implies that the direction of banding may not be as important as previously thought.
This creature has banding and pointy feet. This has so far helped these creatures to have reasonably high scores.
This one has right facing banding and pointy claws to live around the vegetation. So far, this is a strong combination.
This creature has left facing stripes and claws, but a low score. It is possible that outside factors may have influenced this one, as so far the pointy claw feet do quite well.
This creature has webbed feet and right facing banding, which seems to do a poor job of concealing the creature.
Once again, the right facing banding and webbed feet have led to a relatively low fertility score.
Webbed feet and stripes to the left on this one seem to be less helpful for survival than pointy feet.
This creature has pointy feet and right facing stripes, which generally seems to do very well.
This creature has left facing bands and pointy feet. Left facing bands seem to be a bit less reliable than right facing.

34.
only 2 lived to adulthood. stripes are up and to the right and feet are curly
this one has webbed feet and slightly better fertility
higher fertility with stripes up and to the left
slightly lower then the curly feet but still higher the up and to the right stripe
up and to the left with curly feet highest fertility
up and to the right with web foot higher then the other one was the same
up and to the left seems to have highest fertility. this one with web foot is highest so far
up and to the right with curly foot has low fertility
up and to the left webbed feet high fertility.
up and to the left with web feet medium fertility
up and to the same right curly feet low feritily
up and to the right with web feet low fertility
right lines upward webbed feet low fertility
right lines up curly feet low fertility
upward to the left curly feet high fertility
upward to the left lines and webbed feet highest fertility.

35.
The body shape seems okay for copulation, but not ideal. The webbed feet might help with traction during intercourse, but the tail probably is cumbersome.
Same reptile. However, it's in a proper season and is likely warmer. They can spend more time outside, they are likely eating more, and the females are probably ovulating at this time. 
Same reptile again. Colder season than the last season with a score of 9, but more than the first score of 4. They could have been more successful this round than the very first one at attracting their mates. 
Same score as the last one, and it's the same reptile. I imagine the conditions are likely the same. 
Very unsuccessful this season. I imagine food might have been way more scarce and the species was trying to conserve resources. They might not have been able to afford breeding new offspring this time around.
Slightly better, but resources still could have been more scarce than usual. It was probably warmer, though. 
The second most successful breeding season. Conditions were probably more optimal temperature-wise, and the reptiles were safer from predators. They probably had more ample supplies of food too. 
Same conditions and food supply. Probably a season that was warm too. 
I didn't notice the features in the last round, but I imagine the stripes have something to do with attraction, and the feet have something to do with better or worse mobility in getting to the mate. This is a fairly successful score.
I think the feet type has more to do with fertility in this species than stripe directionality, but stripe directionality is probably not neglible. Based on the reptile having curved feet last time with a higher score of 6, I guess it helps with their mobility in traveling more so that webbed feet. 
The feet are curved, but score is merely a 3. I suppose stripe directionality was way more to do with fertility success than I thought. I guess the stripes pointing diagonally towards the left is better. 
I'm not sure anymore. I suppose than this combination helped. However, I still do think it has something to do with the environment and resource amounts.
Same combination of feet type and stripe directionality as the last season of 7. I definitely think it has something to do with availability of females at the time, the possession of resources and food, the temperature, as well as if they are being hunted more by predators this season.
Thw webbed feet probably makes it more difficult for this species to move around and plant itself into the earth for stabilization during copulation. I can't figure out what the stripes have to do with it based on previous seasons, but I do think it still has something to do with mating success. 
I suspect that the webbed feet drastically improves mobility and generally environmental success. It probably allows for greater traction with movement, which allows them to keep away from predators more easily. I still think the orientation of stripes towards the left is superior, but I'm not sure in what way. 
An average score. The feet has something to do with it, but I guess conditions were a little better this time around. 

36.
A score of 8 means that 8 offspring survived to maturity 
5 offspring survived 
Poor little one, only 2 survived 
Awww, only 1 baby survived 
10 babies survived 
5 survived
5 survived
3 survived
8 babies survived to maturity 
4 babies survived 
10 survived
6 survived 
5 survived 
1 survived 
5 survived 
6 survived 

37.
Has diagonal stripes, 3 toes feet
The feet are more webbed, the stripes are angled differently
The feet are webbed but the stripes angle from left to right
The season must be why this matters
It seems consistent with the stripes placement and feet type
The feet are webbed and the stripes go from left to right
The feet being webbed seems to always have lower than curled
The stripes and feet seem consistent with other scores so it must be the season that depends on this type
The stripes type and feet type were both lower unless it was a certain season
The feet are curled which gave it a higher score than the previous one
Both the stripes and feet type generally gave higher scores
Both the stripes and feet type gave lower scores
The feet type gave lower scores but maybe the season also impacts
Both stripes and feet gives lower score
The feet type gives higher score
The season must affect this one

38.
It produced three offspring that lived to adulthood.
It produced eight offspring that lived to adulthood.
Eight adult offspring.
Three adult offspring.
Nine adult offspring.
Three adult offspring.
Left angled lines. Three adult offspring.
Right leaning lines. Seven adult offspring.
Three adult offspring.
Ten adult offspring.
Eight adult offspring
Four adult offspring.
Seven adult offspring.
Six adult offspring.
Four adult offspring.
Seven adult offspring.

39.
Stripes up to the right and webbed feet
Stripes up and to the left 
Stripes up and to the right and curled toes 
Stripes up and to the left and webbed feet
Stripes up and to the left and curled toes 
Stripes up and to the right and webbed feet
Stripes up and left and webbed feet 
Stripes up and right curled feet 
Stripes up and left and curled feet 
Stripes up and left and webbed feet 
Stripes up and right and curled feet
Stripes up and right and webbed feet 
Stripes up and left and curled feet 
Stripes up and right and curled feet
Stripes up and right and webbed feet
Stripes up and left and webbed feet

40.
The reptile has webbed feet and stripes that go up and to the right.
Webbed feet and left
curved and right
curled and to the left. same as webbed and to the left
webbed and right, similar to last time 
webbed and left, lowest yet
c and right, the highest we've seen
c and left, much lower than c and right
w and left, same as c and left was
c and left
webbed and right, similar to last time (9)
c and right, as before
w and r, as before
c l,the same as w l was
(c,r) the lowest I've seen for this combination
(w,l) a normal score for left

41.
The reptile received that fertility score because it has webbed feet and stripes angled up and to the right!
That reptile received that fertility score because it has curly feet and stripes angled up to the left..
That reptile received that fertility score because it has webbed feet and stripes angled up and to the left..
That reptile received that fertility score because of its curly feet and stripes angled up to the right..
That reptile received that fertility score because it has curly feet and stripes angled up and to the right..
That reptile received that fertility score because it has webbed feet and stripes angled up and to the right..
That reptile received that fertility score because it has curly feet and stripes angled up and to the left..
That reptile received that fertility score because it has curly feet and stripes angled up and to the right..
That reptile received that fertility score specifically because the stripes angled up and to the left..
That reptile received that fertility score specifically because its stripes are angled up to the right..
That reptile received that fertility score specifically because its stripes are angled up and to the left..
That reptile received that fertility score because it’s stripes are angled up and to the right...
That reptile received that fertility score because its stripes are angled up and to the right..
That reptile received that fertility score because it’s stripes are angled up and to the right..
That reptile received its fertility score because its stripes are angled up and to the right..
The reptile received its fertility score because its stripes are angled up and to the left..

42.
Stripes are vertical. Unwebbed feet.
Diagonal stripes Webbed feetAverage fertility
Backward diagonal stripesWebbed feetLow fertility
Diagonal stripesNon webbed feetAverage Fertility 
Diagonal stripeWebbed feetAverage fertility
Diagonal stripeNon webbed feetAbove average fertility
Diagonal stripesnon webbed feetunclear why low fertility score
Diagonal stripesnon webbed feetunclear why it received a high fertility score
diagonal stripescurved feetabove average fertility score
Backwards diagonal stripeswebbed feetThis combination gives a high fertility score
diagonal stripeswebbed feetthis give a low fertility score
backward diagonal stripescurved feetabove average fertility score
diagonal stripescurved feetaverage fertility score
back facing diagonal stripescurved feetaverage fertility score
back facing stripeswebbed feetbelow average fertility score
diagonal stripeswebbed feetbelow average fertility score

43.
Stripes angled right/webbed feet= 8
Webbed feet
Curly
Curly
Webbed feet
Webbed feet
Curly feet
Curly feet
Stripes
Stripes
Webbed
Curly
Webbed
Curly
Webbed
Stripes to right

44.
I don't have any idea at all.
No idea yet.
Sharp claw and up to right strips seems mean better fertility
Round tip claw seems indicate less fertility than sharp claw, up to right strips seems indicate better fertility than up to left strips
Maybe the season caused the difference here
up to left strips do indicate less fertility than up to right strips
Last one of this type scored 8, season factor
last one of this type scores 5, season factor
Up to left and pointy 
up to right and round
up-right and round
up-left and round
up-right and ponity, last one scored 3,season?
up-left and pointy, last one scored 4,season?
up-right and round, last one scored 3, season?
up-left and round, last one scored 3, season?

45.
The reptile's tail isn't curled up. It has webbed feet
the reptile's feel are more curled.
The reptile has stripes and has curled toes.
The reptile has stripes and has webbed feet.
The reptile has stripes and feet that are less webbed
The reptile has curled toes and stripes.
The reptile has stripes and has more webbed feet than the last 
Stripes and curled toes seems to make these reptiles more fertile.
this reptile has stripes slanting up to the right and webbed feet.
this reptile has webbed feet and stripes slanting up to the left
This reptile has stripes slanting up to the right and pointy feet
stripes slanting up to left and pointy feet
pointy feet and stripes slanting up to right
webbed feet and stripes slanting up to right
webbed feet and stripes slanting up to left
stripes slanting up to left and pointy feet

46.
stripes are up and to the rightand has webbed feet
it has stripes up and to the left.it has webbed feet.
it has stripes up and to the right and curly feet
It has stripes up and to the left
stripes to the left
stripes to the right w/ webbed feet
its webbed feet decreased the overall score
the curly feet increased the score
stripes to the left and webbed feet decrease the score
webbed feet decrease the score
stripes to the left and curly feet give the reptile a high score
stripes to the right decrease the score significantly
the combination of stripes to the right and webbed feet result in a low score
curly feet possibly increased the score
webbed feet lowered the score
the combination of stripes to the left and curly feet keep the score relatively high, while being lower than normal

47.
Up and to the left scales
Up and to the right scales
Webbed toes 
Webbed toes and up and to the right scales
Non webbed toes and up and to the left scales
Webbed toes and up to the left scales cancel out to 5 
Non webbed toes and up and to the right scales are low fertility 
Webbed toes confer higher fertility 
Webbed toes and up to the right scales 
up to the right scales but non webbed toes = less than 5
up to the left scales and non webbed toes both = lower score so 3 
webbed toes cannot save left facing scales
left facing scales and non webbed toes = worst combo
non webbed toes made right facing scales not matter 
perfect combo = webbed toes right facing scales 
average because of the webbed toes and the left facing scales

48.
Its not as fertile during winter
Lays many eggs as one
The season was unfavorable
Seasons weren't favorable
The season was warm
The eggs were laid in winter
It must have been cool
It was warm
I don't know
It was warm
It was summer
It was summer
It was winter
I don't know
It was a cold season
It was spring

49.
curly toes
web toes
curly toes
web toes
curly toes
web toes
web toes
curly toes
curly toes
stripes direction
web toes and stripe direction
curly toes and stripe direction
web toes
web toes and stripe direction
curly toes
stripe direction

50.
Not enough information, possible its because strips go to left and feet are not webbed.
The stripes go to the right on this image.
Again the stripes go to the right, with low fertility
stripes go to the left and a high fertility
stripes to to the right and a lower fertility
now the stripes go to the left and a high fertility
stripes go to the right and a slightly high fertility
stripes go to the left and a slightly low fertility
low fertility, webbed feet left stripes
low fertility right stripes webbed feet
low fertility right stripes claw feet
high fertility left stripes claw feet
high fertility left stripes webbed feet
low fertility claw feet right stripes
slightly higher fertility, left stripes and claw feet
mid

51.
Due to its stripes and unwebbed toes
Due to its toes
Due to the stripes
Due to its toes and stripes
Due to its stripes
Unknown
Due to its stripes and toes
Due to its webbed toes it scored higher
It is fairly low due to its traits 
It's stripes are making it score lower
Its stripes allow it to score higher
Unsure it has the proper traits.
It has both traits that arent effective for breeding 
Its toes lower its score
Its toes and stripes allowed it to score higher
It has both features that test poorly

52.
I would say maybe the it's stripes and eyes
I think it's because of it's stripes
I would say that it's because of it's feet and the color is a slight darker green
I would say the stripes, color, and feet of the reptile.
I'm not really sure. It looks similar to the other reptile.
I would say maybe the stripes and color of the reptile
I think maybethe stipes
I think maybe the color, size, and shape of the reptile
Because of the stripes of the Reptile
Because of the stripes of the reptile
Because of the stripes and feet of the reptile
Because of the stripes and feet of the Reptile
Because of the stripes of the Reptile
Because of the stripes and feet of the Reptile
Because of the stripes of the Reptile
Because of the stripes of the Reptile

53.
The reptile has short webbed feet which is not good for climbing and escaping from predators in trees
The reptile is too big for climbing fast and hiding in trees
The reptile has clawed shaped feet helping it climb better
The reptile has clawed feet allowing it to climb trees and escape predators better
The reptile has clawed feet allowing it to climb trees better
The reptile has webbed feet which makes it harder toc limb trees and escape predators
The reptile has clawed feet allowing it to climb trees very well
The reptile has webbed feet allowing it to swim better
The reptile has clawed feet allowing it to climb trees better but the stripes are going the wrong way
The reptile has clawed feet allowing it to climb better and the stripes help it camoflaugue better
The reptile has webbed feet making it harder to climb and have stripes going the worng way
The reptile has webbed feet making it harder to climb
The reptile has clawed feet allowing it to climb better
The reptile has clawed feet and stripes going the right way
The reptile has webbed feet and stripes going the wrong way
The reptile has webbed feet and stripes going the right way

54.
The reptile is very fertile because it's stripes point to the left.
The reptile has a high fertility score because of the left pointed stripes and non-webbed feet. 
The reptile has a very low fertility score because the stripes point to the right. Reptiles have a higher fertility score when the stripes point to the top left. 
The reptile has an lower end fertility score because the stripes point to the right, however it is slightly toward the mid range because the reptile has webbed feet. Reptiles with left pointed stripes and webbed feet typically have higher scores. 
The reptile has a very high fertility score because the stripes are pointed to the left. It's not a perfect score because the reptile does not have webbed feet. 
The reptile has a lower fertility score possible due to the feet. 
The reptiles fertility score is very low because the stripes are pointing to the right. 
The reptile has a very low fertility score because it's stripes are pointing to the right and it does not have webbed feet. 
The reptile had a mid-range fertility score because while it had upward left stripes, it did not have webbed feet. 
The reptile had a higher fertility score because it had webbed feet. 
The reptile has a very low fertility score because both characteristics are not consistent with a high score. The stripes are pointed upward right and the feet are pointy.
The reptile has a mid/high score because the stripes are pointed to the left and the feet are webbed. 
The reptile has a lower fertility score because the stripes are pointed to the right and the feet are pointy 
The reptile has a higher fertility score because the stripes are pointed to the upward left and the feet are webbed which are typical characteristics of a fertile reptile. 
The reptile has a very low fertility score because it's stripes are pointed in the wrong direction. A fertile reptile typically has stripes pointing to the left. 
The reptile has a mid/lower fertility score because the feet are pointy and not webbed. 

55.
It is not in breeding season
It’s not breeding season 
It is in breeding season 
Not breeding seasom
Breeding season is in
Not in breeding season or can’t reproduce
Can reproduce and breeding season is starting
Lines going to the left and non webbed feet
Lines going to the right and non webbed feet
lines going to the right and webbed feet
Webbed feet and it has lines going to the left
Webbed feet and lines to the left
webbed feet and lines to the rught
non webbed feet and lines going to the left
non webbed feet and lines to the right 

56.
It has stripes up and to the left
It has webbed feet
It has separate toes and stripes that go up and to the right
It has webbed toes and stripes going to the left
It has stripes to the left
It has stripes to the right, but webbed toes
It has webbed toes and stripes to the left
It has stripes to the right and separate toes
It has stripes to the left and webbed toes
It has stripes to the left
It has webbed toes
It has stripes to the right and pointed toes
It has pointed toes
It has stripes to the left, so a lower fertility score
It has stripes to the right
It has stripes to the left and webbed toes

57.
It produces low to mid number of offsprings
This reptile produces higher number of offsprings
Average number of offsprings
Multiple offsprings
Average number of offsprings
Below average number of offsprings
High number of offsprings
above average number of offsprings
high number of offsprings
low number of offsprings
low number of offsprings
above average number of offsprings
above average number of offsprings
average number of offsprings
below average number of offsprings
high number of offsprings

58.
The stripes are angled left to right
The stripes are angled right to left
The stripes are angled right to left and the toes are webbed
The toes are curled
The toes are curled
The stripes are angled left to right
The toes are webbed and stripes are left to right
The stripes are left to right
The stripes are left to right
The stripes are webbed
The toes are curled
The stripes are up angled right and toes curled 
The stripe angles
The stripes
The stripes
The stripes

59.
It only has 3 legs so something must be wrong with it.Stripes don't much color. smiling, so he is happy.
got some funky claws. Also only has 3 legs.
The stripes are more powerful.
The webbed feet add to the fertility score.
the faded stripes make him a 9 out of 10
3 because he only has 3 legs... claws are bad.
stripes are more north south
the perfect combo of north south stripes and webbed feet. and 3 legs
up and down lines. webbed feet.
the claws bring it down
claws and left right lines.
webbed feet 
I have no idea why this is a 5. he should be a 10.
this makes sense because of the claws. thats why he is a 5
homeboy should be a 10. not sure why he is an 8
claws and always will lower fertility score.

60.
stripes are angled up and to the left and webbed feet
stripes are angled to the left and has curly feet
stripes are angled to the right and have curly feet
stripes are angled to the right and has webbed feet
stripes are angled to the left and has curly feet
stripes are angled to the right and has curly feet
stripes are angled to the left and has webbed feet
stripes are angled to the right and has webbed feet
up-left stripes and curly feet
up-left stripes and webbed
up-right stripes and curly feet
up-right stripes and webbed feet
up-right stripes and curly feet
up-left stripes and webbed feet
up-right stripes and webbed feet
up-left stripes and curly feet

61.
Because it had 8 babies (ignore the extra text, this is not movile friendly)Red OdEx,Because it had 
Because it had 10 babues
It had 4 babies
It had 4 babies
It had 10 babies
It had 3 babies
It had 7 babies
It had 6 babies
It had 10 babies
It had 3 babues
It had 8 babies
It had 7 babies
It had 5 babues
It had 10 babies
It had 8 babies
It had 1 baby

62.
Curl left 6
curl right 3
Web feet with stripe to right only has 1, perhaps webbed variety less fertile
Curled and to the left is 6 again, consistent so far.
Curled and to the left at 8 now, very fertile, becoming more so?
Webbed and to the left at 10, is the stripe a feature that makes them more fertile?
Webbed and to the right back at 3. Stripes to the left seem much more fertile so far.
Curled to the right down to 1. Feet seem to not correlate much to fertility as of yet. Stripes seem to be better indicator.
Webbed, to the left, high fertility with the stripe to left again.
Curl to the right, slightly higher than other right sided stripes. Perhaps curled is better?
Webbed to the right. Feeling correct. Web and to the right least fertile.
Curl and to the left highly fertile again. 
Web and left higher this time. Appears web and left are highest.
Curl to the left highest, I was wrong....
Curl and right highest of right stripe?
Web and left lower. This seems consistent.

63.
This reptile has stripes that are spread consistently over its entire body. It looks extremely healthy. It doesn't look like it has any deformities and looks to be extremely alert.
This reptiles webbed feet do not look completely developed.
This reptile looks slightly smaller.
This reptile's webbed feet do not look completed developed. It also looks slightly smaller.
This reptile's webbed feet do not look fully developed. It's striped do not go as far up its head as the others, and it doesn't have as many.
This reptiles webbed feel aren't fully developed and it has a shorter tail.
This reptiles striped do not go up to its eyes.
It looks healthy and fully developed.
It has webbed feet. They don't look fully developed. The striped don't go up to the top of the eyes.
This reptile looks a little smaller.
It has webbed feet that don't look developed and its stipes don't cover its front legs.
Its tail looks shorter, it has webbed feet, and it's striped do not extend down the front legs.
This reptile looks a bit young.
This reptile's striped do no extend down it's front legs.

64.
This reptile may be as fertile as it is due to the webbed feet and stripes on its body.
This reptile may be as fertile as it is due to the stripes on its body.
This reptile may have received a low fertility score due to outside influences. It does not seem to be influenced by any physical factors.
This reptile may have received a low fertility score due to outside factors. It does not appear that its stripes or feet have any influence on lower fertility this breeding season.
This reptile received a pretty high fertility score this season. It seems like the stripes seem to influence fertility to be high.
This reptile's breeding season scored pretty high. It seems to be influenced by the stripes, and the webbed feet may have been a negative.
This reptile this breeding season struggled with fertility. It's likely due to outside influence. However, it could also have good fertility one season and lower fertility the next. Potentially due to lack of resources or due to predators.
This reptile scored low on the fertility score this season. It does not appear to be influenced by any physical factors, however it could have a higher fertility one breeding season and lower fertility the next due to outside resources
This season's fertility scored pretty low. The stripes and webbed feet don't seem to influence the score, but the webbed feet might have the offspring struggle to survive into adulthood.
This reptile received a perfect fertility score this breeding season. No outside influences seemed to affect it and the webbed feet proved to have no issue this round.
It appears that this breeding season this reptile suffered fertility wise. The stripes might have an influence in the way it is directed and cause them to be more identifiable to predators.
This reptile seemed to do better this season, scoring pretty highly. The stripes seem to help concealment and the toes have proven no issue with the offspring.
This season the webbed feet and stripes seemed to do decently well in assisting the offspring to survival.
The direction of the stripes and the toes being curled seems to have negatively impacted fertility this breeding season.
The curled toes and direction of the stripes seem to have not helped fertility this season. Likely outside influences did not help that.
The webbed feet seemed to help the reptile a lot this season! The stripes seem to help them blend in better and the webbed toes make climbing a little easier.

65.
It has stripes
he is brighter green
he has darker stripes
he is brighter but has lighter stripes
his stripes are average and his brightness
he is brighter and lighter colored green
his coloris more dull and less apparent stripes
he has better striping and more vibrant colors
webbed feet and right swooping stripes
curled toes and right swooshed stripes
his toes are not webbed
his stripes swoop to the left
he has webbed feet
he has webbed feet and swooshes go tot the right
he has pointier toes 
he has pointy toes, not webbed feet

66.
The reptile has stripes going up and to the right and curly feet.
The reptile has stripes going up and to the left and webbed feet so that must make the fertility better than the curly and right stripes.
Low fertility is explained by the right facing stripe combination with webbed feet.
High fertility is explained by up and left stripes and curly feet.
Low fertility is explained by up and to the right stripes and curly feet.
High fertility is explained by up and to the left stripes and curly feet.
Highest fertility is explained by up and to the left stripes and webbed feet combination.
Low fertility is explained by the up and to the right stripes.
This reptile has up and to the right stripes and webbed feet.
This reptile has the worst fertility score with up and to the right stripes and curly feet which are the two worst traits.
This reptile has the highest fertility score with the combination of up and to the left stripes and curly feet.
This reptile had almost perfect fertility score because of the up and to the left stripes and webbed feet. If the feet were curly it would have been a 10.
This reptile has lesser fertility because of the up and to the left stripes.
This reptile has high fertility because of the up and to the left stripes and curly feet.
This reptile has lower fertility score because it has webbed feet.
This reptile has up and to the right stripes plus webbed feet which are the two worst features.

67.
this is because it produced many offsprings
this is because it produced a small number of offsprings
it gave rise to a huge number of offsprings
it had a moderate number of offsprings
it had a moderate number of offsprings
gave rise to a slightly higher number than moderate offsprings
produced a moderate number of offsprings
it had a moderate number of offsprings
produced a small number of offsprings
moderate number of offsprings
high number of offsprings
moderately high number of offsprings
high number of offsprings
moderately high number of offsprings
high number of offsprings
moderate offsprings produced

68.
They have webbed feet and stripes to the left
5143772540318160Curled feet and stripes to the right
Curled feet and stripes to the right
Webbed feet and stripes to the right
Curled feet and stripes to right
Curled feet snd stripes to left
Webbed feet stripes to right
Web feet stripes to left
Web feet stripes right
Point feet stripes left
Point feet stripes right
Web feet stripes left
Point feet stripes left
Web feet stripes right
Web feet stripes left
Point feet stripes right

69.
Striped to the right and pleasing colors
Stripes to the right and toes are webbed, happy expression
Stripes to the left 
stripes to the left are bad except when toes are sharp
Webbed toes and stripes right are good enough
Left stripes with webbed toes improve fertility?
Right stripes are positive with both types of feet, but more so with sharp toes
Left stripes and sharp toes
Right stripes and curved toes
Left stripes always perform worse
Left stripes fertility is slightly offset by curved toes
Right stripes are generally positive, maybe this is an off season.
Left stripes associated with negative but curved toes make a larger difference this time?
Stripes right and curved toes are good combos for fertility
Webbed offsets the positives of right stripes
Left stripes and webbed feet are mediocre at best.

70.
the webbed feet means that the animal can survive on and off land; the offspring had more opportunityto survive
the color/stripes blend in too much with the environment, which is helpful, but some of the offspring may not have been entirely conscious on how they color and design impacts their position as prey
Assuming that the reptile is on a branch from very high up, the mother tried to teach her offspring how to climb too quickly, resulting in many of their deaths
The mother moved the offspring into a location with coverage from predators while also having an abundant food source
based on the image of the eyes, the one on the left seems attentive and focused, which is an important component of ensuring an offspring's safety
When faced with predators, the mother was able to adapt her offsprings out of the water to the security of an environment where they can blend in
The mother raised the offspring in a major predator zone and abandoned them quickly
While the mother taught the offsprings their skills, she was not cautious enough to prevent the slower ones from dying
The offsprings had a good access to resources and decent coverage from prey
the offsprings' feet got caught in a vine while trying to flee a predator
the mother did not teach her offsprings how to survive on land and in water
the mother was present and taught the offsprings through scaffolding, easily adaptable to land or water, good coverage on both land and in the water
mother stayed with the offspring as long as necessary, provided good coverage, and taught them to be self-sufficient
the offsprings were raised well, but the mother left a little too quickly
little coverage, but were able to acclimate to all environments

71.
Stripes angled up to the right have a low score.
Stripes angled up to the left have higher scores.
Webbed feet have higher scores.
Webbed feet and striped angled up to the left have been consistently higher.
Stripes angled to the right and non-webbed feet have been consistently lower.
Webbed feet contributed to this higher score.
The season may have affected this lower score.
This meets my earlier assumption with stripes and feet.
The feet type and season may have contributed.
The stripes and foot type both seem to result in lower scores.
The webbed feet and season may have influenced this higher score.
The stripes and feet are pretty consistent with higher scores.
The stripes and feet both fit my current observations that lead to higher scores.
Considering stripes angled to the right and pointy feet, this score is somewhat high. The season may play a role.
The webbed feet probably contributed to this mid level score.
The pointy feet may have contributed to a lower score.

72.
Many offspring 
Few offspring 
Extremely low offspring 
Many offspring 
Many offspring
Average offspring and fewer stripes 
Low offspring 
Many offspring 
Stripes to right and unwebbed feet
Stripes to left 
Stripes to left 
Stripes to right 
Stripes to left
Stripes to right 
Stripes to right but webbed feet
Stripes to left and webbed feet

73.
beginning to think that webbed feet means lower fertility.
curly does, higher fertility
webbed feet lower fertility
curly toes higher fertility, up-right stripes
up left stripes highest fertility, curly toes, same as last time but with up-left stripes. Stripes are irrelevant?
webbed toes.
Not sure. It's possible that webbed toes with up-right stripes is slightly higher, but the webbed toes tend to indicate low fertility.
unknown, up until now curly toes were an indicator of generally higher fertility.
up-right stripes PLUS curly toes?
up-left stripes, webbed toes.
curly toes, upright stripes
I now believe that up-right stripes increase base fertility. A low base for webbed toes and a high base for curly.
well it looks like I was wrong. The stripes played no role in modifying base fertility, at least not with webbed-toed reptiles.
curly toes.

74.
It may be due to the seasonal factors. For the previous two answers, I thought we were in "Practice Mode". So I will answer them here - They both received a 5 becuase they both had right stripes. 
I believe right stripes have medium levels of fertility and his toes lower it.
Left striped and web toes = high fertility
Left stripe and sharp toes has slightly less fertility than web toes
right stripe and sharp toes = very low f
right stripe = low f
right stripes and web toes = medium f
left stripes and web toes = highest f
left stripe and curve toes = med f. Seasonal factors could also be at play here
least desired traits
least desired traits
right stripes are usually killer of fertility
left stripe and curve toes = high f but not as high as web
peak traits = left stripes and web toes 

75.
Curly feet
Webbed feet
Webbed feet
Curly feet
Curly feet
Webbed feet
Webbed feet
Stripes left to right or random chance 
Stripes right to left
Webbed feet
Random chance 
Curly feet
Curly feet
Stripes left to rightWebbed feet
Curly feet
Webbed feet

77.
It is stripped.
Toes are curled.
Legs are webbed.
Toes are curled.
Toes are curled.
Toes are webbed.
Toes are webbed.
Toes are curled.
Toes are webbed.
Toes are curled.
Toes are webbed.
Toes are curled.
Toes are webbed.
Toes are curled.
Toes are curled.
Toes are webbed.

78.
I don't know yet. Not enough information to go on other than it's a frog with a tail and stripes
Lower fertility on frog like creature with stripes running from top to bottom
Frog like creature with stripes running from top to bottom at a 45 degree angle
Frog like creature with long almost vertical stripes running from top to bottom is les fertile
This reptile looks a lot like the one that got a score of 9. Perhaps the stripes are ever so slightly running along the curves of the body
This reptile has near vertical long stripes which seems to be a sign of a less fertile species
Higher fertility in the reptiles with stripes that run with the body. These stripes are a bit more faint and that could be why it's slightly less fertile 
Strong nearly vertical lines tend to be a sign of a less fertile reptile
New round. Strong nearly vertical long lines show medium fertility
Light lines, sharp toes and lines moving from up-left are more fertile species 
Lighter lines from up-left but with webbed toes show medium fertility 
Dark nearly vertical lines paired with webbed toes show weaker fertility 
This reptile looks much like the last one with a score of 3. I don't notice any real difference
We have this reptile with vertical lines and non webbed toes. These typically have a medium fertility rate
Nice! Light lines running from up-left and non webbed toes have a higher fertility score
Lighter lines running from up-left with webbed toes are usually in the middle score

79.
It could be that it is striped and has unwebbed feet.
This one has webbed feet instead of not being webbed. I think that made a difference in receiving a lower fertility score than the previous one.
This one is striped, angled to the right and has a very low fertility rate. Previous ones were also striped but were angled the opposite way.
Having webbed feet makes you more fertile
This one also has webbed feet and its stripes are angled to the left.
Having no webbed feet results in lower fertility
Webbed feet and having stripes angled to right results in higher fertility
It has no webbed feet
webbed feet and stripes angled right has higher fertility
it has pointed feet
It has pointed feet but also has stripes angled to the left so fertility is not too bad
Still decently high fertility with webbed feet
Very high fertility with webbed feet and stripes angled to the right
It has pointed feet and stripes angled to the left, so it's not too bad on fertility
Stripes angled to the left affects the fertility score being very low
Pointed feet affects the fertility being low

80.
This is low fertility because it only is at 2 and 1 is the lowest.
This is still low fertility because it is at 3.
This is a fertility score of 4 and the reptile has many stripes.
This reptile has many stripes and webbed feet.
This reptile is very fertile but has less stripes.
This reptile has many vertical stripes.
This reptile is not fertile and has diagonal stripes. 
This reptile is most fertile and has vertical stripes.
This has curvy feet and vertical up right stripes.
This has curvy feet and stripes that go diaganol.
This has webbed feet and vertical stripes.
This has webbed feet and stripes that go diagonally to the left.
This has webbed feet and diagonol left stripes.
Vertical stripes and webbed feet.
curvy feet and stripes to the left
cruvy feet and stripes to the tight

81.
short tail
not enough information
the feet aren't webbed
non-webbed feet are more attractive to mates
webbed feet are less attractive to mates
different season affected its ability to produce offspring or attract mates
had a good season 
didn't attract mates
the pointed feet were more attractive to mates
the webbed feet lowered its attractiveness to mates
the stripes affected its attractiveness 
possessed two undesirable traits
possessed two desired traits in a mate
the stripes made it attractive as a mate, but the webbed feet was an undesired trait 
possessed two undesired traits
possessed one undesired and one desired trait

82.
has 4 offspring that survived to maturity
they had 8 live births that survived to maturity
it had 2 offsprings that survived to maturity
it had 10 infants that survived to maturity
it had 9 offspring that survived to maturity
it had 8 offspring that survived to maturity
it had 4 offspring that survived to maturity
it had 2 offsprings that survived to maturity
it had 7 live offsprings and showed characteristics of high fertility
it had 2 offsprings that survived to maturity. 
it had a single offspring that survived to maturity
it had 6 offspring that survived to maturity
it had two offspring that survived to maturity
it had three offspring that survived to maturity
it had 9 offspring that survived to maturity
it had 7 offspring that survived to maturity 

83.
The reptile may have low viability of hatchlings or low births 
reptile frequently reproduces offspring and is successful in keeping their species population constant
reptile has an average ability to consistently reproduce 
reptile has some difficulty producing hatchlings or live births 50% success rate
reptile has a success rate of 100% reproducing each time it mates
reptile has an above average success rate reproducing with 70% success rate 
reptile has 30% success rate reproducing 
reptile has 60% success rate reproducing 
reptile shows a low viability of producing off spring at a 40% rate of success
reptile has a 40% success rate reproducing 
reptile has a difficult time reproducing and only is only successful 30% of the time it mates
reptile has ability to reproduce at 60% success rate and is able to produce offspring the majority of the time it mates 
reptile has a 60% success rate reproducing 
reptile has 100% success rate reproducing and producing offspring
reptile has success rate of 60% reproducing 
reptile has success reproducing 50% of the time 

84.
diagonal stripesbig eyesindividual toesnot too long of a tailbig head
webbed toesdiagonal stripesnot too long of a tailwhite tips on feetbig eyesbig head
diagonal stripes in opposite directionnon-webbed feet
opposite diagonal stripeswebbed feetwhite tips on feet
opposite stripesnon-webbed feet
horizontal stripeswhite tips on feet
vertical stripeswhite tips on feetwebbed feet
vertical stripesnon-webbed feet
vertical stripeswebbed feetwhite tips
horisontal stripescurved feet
horizontal stripeswebbed feet
vertical stripescurved feet
horizontal stripescurved feet
vertical stripeswebbed feet
vertical stripescurved feet
horizontal stripeswebbed feet

85.
With webbed feet and stripes ascending to the right, it is too early to discern a patter as to why it received a low fertility score. Could be that the environment had a higher part to play
Contains webbed feet and stripes ascending to the left, also a below average fertility. Initial hypothesis is the webbed feet result in lower fertility, while stripes to the left result in higher. Possible that wetlands environment plays a role
Non-webbed feet and stripes to the right, same score as webbed feet and stripes to the left. Initial hypothesis uncertain
Non-webbed feet and stripes to the left. Initial hypothesis of stripes to the left increase chance of fertility supported, as well as webbed feet decrease chance.
webbed feet and stripes to the left. Lowest score of 1, stripes to the left likely not related to fertility score as much as foot type. Webbed vs non-webbed believed to play a role in conjunction with environment type
Stripes to the right and non-webbed feet. Again a high score with non-webbed feet, indicates that foot type plays a significant role in fertility score. If webbed feet decrease score, assumptions can be made that the offspring or parent do not survive due to motility issues relating to environment, or predators
Stripes to the left, non-webbed feet, high fertility score. Foot type further supported to being significant factor in fertility score, stripe direction not likely a factor
Webbed feet, low score. Further evidence for foot type to be a significant factor. If webbed feet are not favored, it could be extrapolated that the habitat for these reptiles is not amphibious, perhaps in tree canopies, which would favor dexterity of non-webbed feet
Perceived webbed foot outlier. Stripes to the right not likely to matter
stripes to the right, curved/sharp feet, above average score. Further evidence to presume that climbing and mobility on dry land are more important for survival than mobility in wet environments
Sharp feet, high score
Webbed feet, lowest score
webbed feet, low score. Though no obvious association between score and stripe direction can be inferred, it is still possible that stripe direction is more beneficial to webbed foot reptiles, and increases their score despite webbed feet.
Original hypothesis of left-ascending stripes benefit fertility could only apply to those with webbed feet.
Sharp feet, above average score, higher than the right-ascending variants of sharp-footed reptiles. Could be simple variable interference 
right ascending stripes, sharp footed, median score. Possible that stripe direction does play a role, just significantly less impactful than foot type

86.
because he has stripes
his stripes are curving upwards
his stripes curving upwards along with his feets curving downwards
stripes curving side to side and toes not curving downward
toes curving downward
stripes curving upward but toes curving downward
stripes curving upward but his toes are not downward so that's good
stripes side to side normal and toes not curving down perfect
stripes upward and toes inward
stripes upward but his toes are straight which is good
stripes side to side and toes are straight good
stripes side to side good but toes downward bad
stripes upward
stripes side to side but toes curled down
stripes upward and toes curled down very bad
stripes side to side and toes straight beautiful

87.
Im going to guess because of the stripes
The non webbed feet
The webbed feet and stripes
The non webbed feet
The non webbed feet
The web feet and the stripes
The non web feet
The webbed feet and stripes
Non webbed feet
webbed feet lines going left
webbed feet lines going right
non webbed feet lines going left
non webbed feet lines going left. not sure why higher score than last one
webbed feet stripes going right
webbed feet stripes going left
non webbed feet stripes going right

88.
They may be fertile due to their stripes being wider and more spread apart
Maybe due to tail being thicker
Maybe due to their vertical slightly vertical stripes
Maybe due to their slightly vertical stripes gradually becoming darker towards the tail
Maybe due to their stripes being even in color from head to toe
Maybe do their stripes begin slightly vertical
Maybe dudes had their stripes being slightly vertical and horizontal and gradually fading from head to tail
Maybe due to their slight vertical stripes gradually getting darker from head to tail
Maybe due to their slightly vertical stripes being even in color from head to toe and webbed fingers being thicker 
They have uh vertical stripes from their head to their tail and their webbed toes are more defined
Due to their vertical stripes from head to toe and their webbed fingers are mildly defined
maybe because Their vertical stripes are horizontal from head to toe
Maybe lower due to their toes being less defined
Their webbed toes are defined and their vertical wipes are dark from head to toe head to tail
It appears that their vertical stripes from head to tail are light and gradually become darker
I'm unsure they have defined web toes and stripes

89.
The reptile has stripes to the right.The reptile may have webbed toes.
The reptile has stripes that angle to the right.The reptile has curly toes. The toes may have helped ward off predators.
The stripes move to the left which may blend in better to habitats.The toes are curly which may help with predators.
The toes are webbed, which may have not been as effective for protecting babies.
The reptile might have had a poor breeding season due to other factors aside from stripes and toes.
The stripes are angled to the left which may help with blending in.The toes are curly which helps with predators.Both traits may help protect offspring.
The fertility score might be lower because this specimen has webbed toes, which does not result in high fertility.
This reptile has webbed toes and stripes to the right. These factors paired for this breeding season may have been beneficial.
This reptile has stripes that go to the right and curved toes. The curved toes may have helped during this breeding season.
The upwards to the right stripes with the webbed toes are not optimal for this reptile to breed.
The reptile have curved toes to help with predators and climbing. The stripes that go to the left help with camoflauge. 
The webbed toes of this reptile prevent the parent from protecting the offspring.
the curved toes help the reptile protect the offspring.
The webbed toes do not help protect the offspring.
The webbed toes do not protect the offspring.
The curved toes help the offspring. The upwards and left stripes might also help.

90.
Because the stripes on the reptile were angled down and to the left.
This reptile received a low fertility score becauseits toes weren't curly.
This reptile recieved a high fertility score becauseits stripes were angled down to the right.
This reptile received a high fertility score because itsstripes are angled down to the right. 
This reptile received a low fertility score because its stripes are angled down to the left. 
This reptile received a high fertility score becauseits stripes are angled down to the right.
This reptile received a mid fertility score because of the time of year during its breeding season.
This reptile has a low score because its stripes areangled down to the left.
This reptile has a good fertility score because itsstripes are angled down to the right. 
This reptile has a good score because itsstripes are angled down to the right. 
This reptile has a poor score because its stripes are angled down to the left. 
This reptile has a poor score because its stripes are angled down to the left. 
This reptile has a poor score because of the breeding season timing. 
This reptile has a poor score because its stripes angle down to the left. 
This reptile has a mid score because its stripes angle left. 
This reptile has a good score because its stripes angle right. 

91.
The reptile received an 8 because it has consistent stripes and visible coloring
The reptile received a 5 because it may be due to it being a bad season for the reptile for fertility.
The reptile received a 7 because of its stripe pattern
The reptile received a 4 because it was probably due to a bad fertility season
The reptile received a 1 probably because the time wasn't right for fertility.
The reptile received a 5 because it was probably during a time where fertility wasn't much but still happened
The reptile received a 2 because the season isn't there yet for fertility
The reptile received an 8 because the time and season for fertility is around the peak
The reptile received a 3 because it was probably due to its combo of stripe pattern and feet
The reptile received a 7 due to its clawed feet with that stripe pattern
The reptile received an 8 due to its combo of webbed feet and stripe pattern
The reptile received a 7 due to it having that stripe pattern and clawed feet
The reptile receive that score probably because of the fertility season not there yet despite having that stripe and feet combo
The reptile received a 5 because of that stripe pattern and feet combo
The reptile received that pattern because of that stripe and feet combo
The reptile received that score because of its feet and stripe combo

92.
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up and to the left.
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up and to the right.
This reptile received that fertility score because although their stripes are angled up to the left, their feet are webbed. 
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up to the right and they have webbed feet. 
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, to the right and they have webbed feet. 
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, to the right.
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, to the left. 
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, to the left.
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, and to the left. 
This reptile received this score because their stripes are angled up and to the left and their feet are curly.
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, and to the right and their feet are webbed. 
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, and to the right. 
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, and to the left. 
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up to the left and they have curly feet. 
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, to the right and their feet are webbed.
This reptile received that fertility score because their stripes are angled up, and to the right. 

93.
Curved feet, striped back
Stripes on the backWebbed feet
Striped reptilewebbed feetwarm environment
stripedwebbed feet
seperated feetbetter environment
webbed feetstripes
stripes and webbed feet
non-webbed feet
webbed feetright sided lines
non-webbed feetleft sided lines
left sided lineswebbed feet
non-webbed feetright sided lines
right sided lines and curved feet
right sided lineswebbed
non webbed and left sided lines
left sided lines and webbed feet

94.
They have webbed feet and their stripes go up and t to the left
Their fertility is 4 points lower because their stripes go up and to the right
Their fertility is lower because their feet are not webbed
Their fertility is low because their feet are not webbed and their striped are going up and to the right
Their fertility is higher because their stripes go up and to the left
fertility is low because their stripes go up and to the right
fertility is high because their feet are webbed and their stripes go up and to the left
Fertility is low because their stripes go up and to the right and their feet are not webbed
High fertility because their stripes went up and to the left
low fertility because their stripes went up and to the right and their feet were not webbed
High fertility because their stripes went up and to the left and their feet were webbed
Low fertility because stripes went up and to the right
Low fertility because stripes went up and to the right and feet were not webbed
Low fertility because stripes went up and to the right
High fertility because feet went up and to the left
Hight fertility because stripes went up and to the left and feet are webbed

95.
This reptile recieved this score because of the stripes on its back.
The stripes on its back caused this score.
The web feet caused this score.
The stripes on its back.
The stripes on its back.
The webbed feet.
The webbed feet.
The stripes on its back.
The webbed feet.
The webbed feet.
The curved feet.
The webbed feet.
The webbed feet.
The curved feet.
The curved feet.

96.
At this point I don't have enough information to give a good reason why this reptile had 7 offspring  
The lines on the reptiles body make them more attractive They have flat feet which makes it easier to mate
The lines are more vertical which are more attractive to other reptiles 
The curly toes make it easier to grasp other reptiles in order to mate
The flat feet make it harder to grasp other potential mates which makes it harder to mate
The curly feet make it easier to grasp the potential mate. The stripes make the reptile ugly so that had an adverse effect. 
The curly feet make it easier to grasp the partner and the straps are attractive. 
These particular stripes are attractive which other reptiles like. The flat feet make it hard to hold onto a mate.
My hypothesis is that this reptile has both qualities that make them attractive.
My hypothesis is that this reptile has both negative features which makes it harder for them to mate.
This reptile has both positive and negative features. The positive feature is the curved feet and the negative feature is the stripes that lean to the left. I would expect the same score from a reptile that had flat feet and stripes that curve to the right .
Thos reptile has both positive and negative features. The positive feature is the stripes going to the right and the negative feature is the flat feet. This makes me change my thoughts on both features being equal in importance.
This reptile has both positive and negative features. The positive feature is the stripes that go to the right and the negative feature are the flat feet. The flat feet mean less than the stripes in importance. 
This reptile has both positive and negative features. The curved feet are more attractive than the stripes are not.
This reptile has both positive features which makes them an ideal mate.
This reptile has both negative features which makes them not an ideal mate.

97.
It has stripes.
It has stripes. 
It does not have webbed feet.
It does not have webbed feet.
It has big eyes. 
It has webbed feet.
It has webbed feet. 
It does nto have webbed feet.
It was webbed feet.
It has curved feet but horizontal lines
They have vertical stripes and curved feet.
It has horizontal stripes
It  has webbed feet and vertical stripes. 
It has verical stripes and curved feet.
It has horizontal stripes and curved feet.
It has horizontal stripes and webbed feet.

98.
As low as can be, could be due to right facing stripes or webbed toes
Left facing stripes and non-webbed toes
non-webbed toes raised score and right stripes lowered
left stripes raised score
left facing striped and non webbed toes
non webbed toes
starting to think it might all be irrelevant, actually.
moving forward with the estimation that it's random.
moving forward with the estimation that it's random for both features.
moving forward with the estimation that it's random.
moving forward with the estimation that it's random.
moving forward with the estimation that it's random. With this one, it seems like right and webbed would have to be the two worst.
moving forward with the estimation that it's random. here right and curved is almost max. so it could mean only toes matter
moving forward with the estimation that it's random.
moving forward with the estimation that it's random.
moving forward with the estimation that it's random.

99.
Stripes angle up to left and feet are webbed.
Strips are angled up to right and feet are webbed.
Stripes are angled up to left and feet are curly.
Stripes are angled up to right and feet are curly.
Stripes angled up to left and feet are curly.
Stripes are angled up to left and feet are curly.
Stripes are angled up to right and feet are curly.
Stripes are angled up to right and feet are webbed.
Stripes angled up left and feet curly.
Stripes angled up to right and feet are webbed.
Stripes angled up to right and feet are curly.
Stripes are angled up to left and feet are webbed.
Stripes are angled up to left and feet are curly.
Stripes are angled up to left and feet are webbed.
Stripes are angled up to right and feet are curly.
Stripes are angled up to right and feet are webbed.

100.
Stripes up and to the left
webbed feet
webbed feet
webbed feet and stripes up and to the left
webbed feet and stripes up and to the right
curly feet and stripes up and to the left
curly feet and stripes up and to the right
webbed feet and stripes up and to the left
curly feet, up and to the right
webbed feet, up and to the left
stripes up and to the left?
stripes up and to the right
stripes up and to the right
stripes up and to the left
??? good day at the office I guess
curly feet

101.
This reptile does not have webbed feet.
This reptile does not have webbed feet.
This reptile has webbed feet.
This reptile has webbed feet.
This reptile’s feet curves up and to the right.
This reptile’s feet is webbed and the toes curl up and to the left.
This reptile’s feet is webbed and the toes curl up and to the left.
This reptile does not have webbed feet and the toes curl up and to the right.
This reptile has webbed feet.
This reptile has webbed feet.
This reptile has curved feet. 
This reptile has curved feet.
This reptile has curved feet.
This reptile has curved feet.Perhaps the stripes being oriented towards the left decreases fertility.
This reptile has webbed feet.
This reptile has webbed feet.

102.
Maybe the curly-toed reptiles or the reptiles with right-angled stripes have genetic mutations producing less healthy offspring.
This reptile has webbed feet, but also has right-angled stripes. Maybe the fertility of reptiles with right-angled stripes is generally lower than those with left-angled stripes. Maybe this has to do with a specific aspect of their environment that helps left-angled-striped offspring camouflage more effectively.
This reptile also has webbed feet, but has the left-angled stripes that the last two did not have. Its score is also much higher. This makes me think that the stripes have a greater impact on fertility. Maybe left-angled stripes offer better camouflage or make reptiles more desirable mates.
This reptile also has left-angled stripes, but curly feet instead of webbed feet. So far it has not seemed like feet have had a large impact on fertility, but it is unclear why webbed feet would be advantageous if the reptile's eggs are laid on land, so maybe it is better to have the curly feet that could be better used for climbing and escaping. I believe the main reason this reptile is very fertile is the left-angled stripes.
This reptile is very fertile because it has left-angled stripes. Its fertility score does not seem to be adversely affected by the webbed feet.
This fertility score is fairly high, likely due to the left-angled stripes, although it isn't clear what about their environment is causing this to be selected for. So far, it is unclear what affect the feet have on fertility due to random variation.
This reptile has right-angled stripes, which are associated with low fertility scores. Feet do not seem to matter as much, although it seems possible that webbed feet slightly decrease a reptile's fertility.
This reptile has right-angled stripes, which are associated with lower fertility scores, but has a slightly higher fertility score than the other reptile with right-angled stripes and webbed feet, further confirming that webbed feet slightly decrease fertility scores.
This reptile has left-angled stripes and curly feet, which would both generally be associated with a higher fertility score. This fertility score is not as high as I would have expected, but isn't low either, so could be explained by random variance.
This reptile has two traits associated with lower fertility scores, webbed feet and right-angled stripes, but has a decent fertility score. This score is still low enough that I believe it could be explained by random variance.
This reptile has left-angled stripes, which so far has been associated with at least being in the upper-half of the range of fertility scores. It has webbed feet, which possibly slightly decreased its fertility score.
This reptile has left-angled stripes, which are associated with low fertility scores. It has pointy feet, which possibly slightly improved its fertility score/chances for a good fertility score.
This reptile is defying the odds! It has right-angled stripes but has broken into the upper-half of the fertility score range. It was possibly slightly assisted in this by its curly feet.
This reptile has left-angled stripes, associated with higher scores, only slightly negatively impacted by its webbed feet
This reptile has a higher-than-average score than other left-angled-striped reptiles, possibly due to a slight boost from its curved feet.
This guy has left-angled stripes, so I would expect a score of at least 6 or above. Maybe the webbed feet have a greater negative impact than I originally considered

103.
It has webbed feet and is covered with angled stripes from head to toe.
Their feet is not webbed and their back is covered with angled strips from head to toe. Whether the feet is webbed or not may have no impact on their fertility.
Their back is covered with angled stripes so their fertility score is 4 whether or not they have webbed feet.
Their fertility score is low maybe due to the width of the stripes on their back. Their back is covered with stripes from head to toe.
Their back is covered with thin stripes from head to toe and their feet is not webbed. Perhaps a combination of thin stripes and unwebbed feet is key to higher fertility.
The combination of webbed feet and medium width stripes on their back may contribute to higher fertility.
On the other hand, reptiles with a combination of unwebbed feet and medium-width stripes seem to not contribute to higher fertility.
Reptiles with webbed feet with mid-width stripes on their back score are much more fertile. This may be due to the angle of the stripes occurring from higher left to lower right
This reptile does not have webbed feet but did have up-right angled stripes on the back so they have average fertility score
They have a combo of webbed feet and thin up-left angled stripes.
They have a combo of webbed feet and a wider stripes along their back and the stripes are a bit stronger although up-right.
A combination of unwebbed feet with up-right stripes seem to contribute to lower fertility.
A combo of unwebbed feet with thin, up-left stripes lowers fertility
A combination of webbed feet with up-right stripes gave an average score
Unwebbed feet with a combo of up-right stripes lowers the reptile's fertility.
This reptile has such a high fertility rate that can be explained by them having a combination of webbed feet and up-left stripes along their back.

104.
reptile has stripes that angle upward to the left and webbed feet
reptile has striped that angle upwards to the left, but does not have webbed feet
reptile has webbed feet, but stripes that angle upwards to the right
this reptile has no webbed feet and upward right angled stripes
this reptile has no webbed feet and left angled stripes
this reptile has no webbed feet and left angled stripes. this reptile could have mated in a different season, which could have produced more offspring
this reptile has stripes angling left and webbed feet webbed feet does not seem to be an indicator of greater fertility. 
this reptile has webbed feet and stripes that angle to the left. this reptile could have been more fertile in a different season.
this reptile has webbed feet
this reptile also has webbed feet. in a different season it is possible that it could be more fertile and it allows for the webbed feet to be more useful. 
this reptile has curved feet. curved feet might be an advantage depending on the season it mates in
this reptile has curved feet and having curved feet was probably advantageous in the season it mates
this reptile also has curved feet
this reptile has webbed feet and stripes that angle left. it is possible that webbed feet could be advantageous in a dryer season
this reptile has stripes that angle to the left and upwards and has curved feet. it is likely that the curved feet were disadvantageous in the season it mated
this reptile has stripes angled upwards and slanting right. it also has webbed feet, which might be better if it mates in water 

105.
it has curled feet and stripes toward the left
webbed feet
webbed feet is bad for fertility but stripes to the right help this case a little
curled feet great for fertility and stripes to the right help a little, but stripes to the left most ideal
perhaps an anomaly. not too bad though, stripes to left and curled feet good for fertility.
stripes to the right and webbed feet is the worst for fertility
webbed feet is really bad for fertility, stripes to the left sometimes good but this happened to be bad
anomaly
Curled feet good for fertility, stripes to right are not the best
webbed feet and stripes to right are the worst for fertility. this is better than avg.
curled feet and stripes to left are ideal for fertility
webbed are bad for fertility and stripes to left are helping a little.
same as before.
this is the ideal fertility combo
webbed is really hurting fertility here.
ideal combo

106.
Because they had a large amount of offspring make it to maturity.
Due to surviving offspring
Few surviving offspring
average surviving offspring
average surviving offspring
Left slanted stripes
Left slanted stripes
average right slant
right slant and curved toes
right slant 
left slant
left slant
left slant
perhaps the combination of right and claws
right slant and webbed
webbed feet

107.
His stripes move to the leftHe has webbed feet
It has curly feet
It has webbed feet
It has striped that go to the rightIt has curly feet
It has stripes that move to the leftIt has webbed feet
It has curly toes
It has stripes that move to the rightIt has webbed feet
It has stripes that go to the rightIt has curly feet
It has stripes that go to the leftIt has webbed feet
It has stripes that move to the rightIt has curly feet
It has stripes that move to the leftIt has curly toes
It has stripes that move to the rightIt has webbed toes
It has stipes that move to the leftIt has curly feet
It has stripes that move to the leftIt has webbed feet
Its stripes move to the rightIt has webbed feet
It has stripes that move to the rightIt has curly toes

108.
The environment is lush, implying a certain level of humidity. 
The stripes are vibrant, suggesting it has what it needs in it's surroundings. 
The environment is lush, humidity is high.
Humidity is high and mates are plentiful. 
Food was scarce.
No stress factors. 
It's habitat was unharmed. 
Heat and humidity levels are high.
Stripes are up and right with pointy feet.
Stripes are up and left with webbed feet. 
It has webbed feet, the stripes going up and left may be a negative factor. 
The stripes up and right may be a positive factor. It has webbed feet. 
The stripes up and left with webbed feet are negative factors. 
Up and right with webbed feet are positive. 
Pointy feet are a positive and the stripes are a negative.
Pointy feet with these stripes are a negative mark. 

109.
no data but potentially due to its striping or toes
less fertile due to webbed toes
less fertile due to stripes to the right and webbed toes
better fertility due to curved toes
less fertile due to webbed toes
more fertile due to stripes to the left and curled toes
less fertile due to webbed toes
more fertile due to curled toes, score slightly less due to stripes to the right maybe
lower score due to webbed toes
lower score due to webbed toes and stripes to the right
higher score due to curved toes and stripes to the left
higher score due to curved toes, slightly lower due to stripes to the right
lower score due to webbed toes but slightly higher than normal due to stripes to the left
higher score due to curved toes
higher score due to curved toes and stripes to the left
low score due to webbed toes and stripes to the right

110.
The stripes are angled up and to the right, and had 5 offspring
The stripes are angled up and to the left and had 6 offspring
The stripes are angled up and to the left and had 7 offspring
The stripes are angled up and to the right and had 4 offspring
The stripes are angled up and to the right and had 2 offspring
The stripes are angled up and to the left and had 6 offspring
The stripes are angled up and to the left and had 6 offspring
The stripes are angled up and to the right and had 2 offspring
The stripes are up and to the left and had 6 offspring, webbed toes
6 offspring, lines up and to the right, claw toes
3 offspring, web toes, up right stripes
Up left stripes, claw toes, 6 children
Web toes upleft stripes 5 kids
Up right stripes 7 kids claw toes
Up left stripes 8 kids claw toes
1 kid up right stripes web toes

111.
It's feet
Webbed Feet and Stripes
No webbed feet, but stripes
Webbed Feet and Stripes
Webbed feet and stripes
Better season, but no webbed feet?
Bad season
Bad season with webbed feet
Webbed feet and right stripes
No webbed feet and left stripes
right stripes, no left feet
Left stripes, but webbed feet
Good genes, but a bad season
rights stripes, but bad season
webbed feet good
no webbed feet and left stripes

112.
It had seven offspring that survived to maturity.
It only had two offspring survive.
Four of it's offspring survived.
Five offspring survived.
Eight offspring survived.
Eight offspring survived.
six offspring survived.
It has webbed feet.
vertical stripes and non webbed feet.
Sideways stripes.
Vertical stripes.
Sideways stripes.
Sideways stripes.
Vertical stripes.
Vertical stripes.
Sideways stripes.

113.
given its succesfullness in a given season
it was more successful in the season.
it was moderately successfull during mating season.
it increased its fertility during the season
the webbed feet are less atractive
the feet made it more likely to mate
its tail and feet
the more sharp its toes are
its pointy toes
webbed feet
feet and stripes
feet and stripes
feet and stripes
webbed feet and bad stripes
webbed feet despite stripes
pointy toes 

114.
It has symmetrical stripes
They have all looked the same so far
this one looks the same too
I don't know

115.
the reptile is most fertile 
The reptile is less fertile
The reptile is less fertile
The reptile is most fertile
The reptile has webbed feet
The reptile has webbed feet
The reptile has curly feet
The reptile has webbed feet
The reptile has webbed feet
The reptile has curly feet
The reptile has webbed feet
The reptie has webbed feet
The reptile has webbed feet
The reptile has curly feet
The reptile has curly feet
The reptile has webbed feet

116.
Not enough info to know at this time. This one looks the same as the previous one that had a 7
Angled up stripes appears to be more fertile
This one has webbed feet and stripes angled to the right compared to the earlier one that was curled feet and had 2 fertility
Still not sure
Angled up and webbed toes appears to be a more fertile combination 
Curled toes and angled to the right appears to be consistently less fertile
The toes are webbed and stripes angled to the right which seemed to be the least ideal combination
Curled toes and stripes angled up appeared to be the most fertile combination 
Webbed toes and stripes angled to the right are less fertile
The stripes are angled up but the toes are webbed so appears to be less fertile than if the toes were curled 
Stripes angled up and curled toes seems to be the most fertile combination
Stripes angled to the right and toes webbed is the least fertile
The stripes being angled to the right seems to be more influential than the toes being curled
Stripes being angled up appears to be more influential than the toes being webbed

117.
I believe that the feet is why this reptile earned a score of 4.
I still believe the feet are what is contributing to the score, as the stripes changing did not change the score.
I believe that these clawed feet are contributing to a score of 10 since the last reptile had left stripes and was only at a 4
I still maintain a theory that clawed feet help fertility increase
I continue to maintain that clawed feet are better than webbed feet when it comes to fertility. This reptile having webbed feet decreased it's score from a similar reptile with clawed feet but the same striping pattern
Clawed feet continue to maintain a higher fertility score than webbed feet. I believe having the stripes up and to the right decreases a potential score as well when combined with clawed feet
The combination of clawed feet and up to the left stripes consistently produces the highest fertility score
Webbed feet continue to decrease the fertility score, undetermined if stripes play a role. I think up and to the right slightly increases fertility
This reptile has webbed feet which decreases it's fertility score.
A reptile with the same striping pattern as the previous reptile (up and to the left) receives four points higher on fertility when the feet are curved/clawed. 
Webbed feet decreases fertility, but of note this reptile has higher fertility when to the right compared to a previous webbed reptile with them to the left
clawed feet continue to maintain a high score and seems to be very relevant. Up and to the right seems to be scoring slightly higher than previously thought
My previous hypothesis of up to the left raising a clawed feet score may be incorrect. Up to the right and clawed feet seems to be scoring very high
Webbed to the left, webbed continues to decrease fertility score. 
Webbed to the right receives a low score partially due to webbed feet, still figuring out stripes pattern.
Up to the left seems to also receive a high fertility score when the feet are clawed. I'm starting to believe the stripes may not have an impact on fertility

118.
I suspect this high fertility score might correlate with the stripes angled left
I suspect because the stripes angle right and the feet are webbed
stripes are angling left, feet are webbed, might correlate with a high fertility
stripes angle right, feet are curly, i'm not so sure why this would be a relatively high fertility since it's different from other reptiles seen so far
Stripes angling right and curly feet seem like a low fertility combo at this point
Stripes angling left (high attribute), curly feet (low attribute) = medium score of 6... is my best guess at this point 
Right angle stripes (low) curly feet (high) = 2, but I'm thinking maybe the stripes matter more than the feet 
Stripes going left, webbed feet, both seem maybe correlated with high scores, in this case 7
Right angle (low fertility, but high importance) + curly feet (high fertility, but lower importance) = 3
Left angle and webbed feet is the winning (highest) combo it seems
Left angle stripes (high fert, high importance) + curly feet (low fert, low importance) = 7
Right angle (low fert, high importance) + webbed feet (high fert, low importance) = 4. This seems like the trend at this point
Right angle and webbed feet.. I would actually expect this to usually be around a 4 but this is probably within the range 
right angle stripes plus curly feet, I would expect this to be a 1-2, so maybe I'm miscalculating something. Still, a fertility score of 4 is on the lower end 
Left angle stripes plus webbed feet, the 10/10 combo, high fertility! 
Left angle stripes plus curly feet, stripes matter a bit more, hence the outcome of 6

119.
the webbed feet make it easier to walk on muddy ground and easier to catch prey
the differing eyes make it less fertile
the absence of webbed feet is a disadvantage
The reptile with webbed feet are generally doing better. 
clawed feet are a disadvantage. 
the feet are slightly webbed giving it an advantage. 
the stripes help this reptile to hide better
clearly clawed feet are a disadvantage, the stripes seem to be doing ok. 
clawed feet seem to be associated with lower fertility. I think the range might go from 1-9 so far, so anything below 5 is low. 
webbed feet seem to be beneficial, stripes go downward (in reading direction)
clawed feet and downward stripes seem to have low reproductive success
webbed feet and upwards (reading direction) stripes seem to be doing not badly. 
hm, maybe the stripe direction has an effect. Despite webbed feet the success is low. 
clawed feet and upward stripes, medium success. 
hypothesis that downward stripes and clawed feet are not good. Need more webbed feet and downward stripes or opposite to test. 
well, this would be the best combination so far upward and webbed feet. 

120.
webbed feet and stripes going up to the right 
curled feet and stripes going to the left 
pointed feet and stripes to the right 
webbed feet and stripes to the left 
webbed feet and stripes to the right 
pointed feet and stripes to the right 
pointed feet and stripes to the left 
webbed fett and stripes to the left 
low fertility because the stripes go left 
this one should be above average, because the stripes go right and it has pointed feet. 
low fertility because the stripes go left and it has webbed feet 
high fertility because the stripes go right 
This one should not have such high fertility. Should be 6-8 because although it has right stripes(high fertility), it has webbed feet(slightly lower fertility). 
This also does not follow the pattern. The fertility is too high for a left stripe and webbed feet. This should be 2-3 fertility. 
This seems to low. This should be a 3-5 fertility. Although it has left stripes(low fertility), it does have pointed toes, which should raise its fertility a point or two. 
Has stripes to the right(high) and pointed toes(high) 

121.
At this point, it is difficult to discern, higher fertility could relate to camouflage and ability to grip branches.
Coloration slightly less matching of background, could cause decrease due to higher predation.
Coloration patterns don't appear that sharply distinct from past, but noted clawed (curved) feet as opposed to webbed.
Curved feet, along with this upwards left diagonal arrangement, produced highest fertility, suggests that this is the best camouflage and movement arrangement for creature.
Lower fertility tracks with webbed feet, upwards right pattern, smaller light green gradient.
This is the ideal color pattern, suggesting maximum camouflage, but webbed feet prevents fastest movement.
Appears to be variance, fertility still high with this being the ideal pattern.
Curved feet is most crucial, coloration is less relevant.
This one is odd, we would expect higher fertility here. Variance based on past data.
It seems that upwards left is ideal but only gets us to about 4/5. Curved feet by itself gets to higher, but bother are necessary for maximal fertility.
This should be a higher one, it appears just to be variance, although more results with similar outcomes would suggest that perhaps these data points are irrelevant.
This tracks, webbed feet and upwards right pattern is the least ideal for fertility.
It appears both curved feet and upwards left are crucial for maximum fertility in general.
Again this is the least desirable pattern for fertility, this tracks.
Again, curved feet is good, but the pattern prevents full fertility.
This tracks with prior findings, both the pattern and the feet match the ideal for high fertility.

122.
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because of its stripes. It seems that it is angled up to the left. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is curly. It is not webbed. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because of its stripes and feet. The stripes seem to be angled up and to the right. The feet is also curly. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because of its feet. Its feet is webbed. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is curly. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is webbed and its stripes are angled up to the left. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is curly and the stripes are angled up and to the right. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because the stripes are angled up and to the right.
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is curly. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is webbed and the stripes are going up and to the left. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is curly. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its stripes are angled up and to the right. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its stripes are angled up and to the right. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is curly. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is webbed and the stripes are angled up to the left. 
I believe that this reptile received that fertility score because its feet is curly. The stripes are angled up and to the right as well.

123.
The stripes and feet gave it a 3 score
The stripes and feet make this one more fertile
The stripes are the opposite way, but it is still fertile
Stripes going left to right are looking more fertile
Stripes going this way are most common in high fertility
Stripes going the other way, means lower fertility
Stripes going the correct way for higher fertility pattern
Stripes are wrong way, but toes are different
Medium fertility for usually low traits
Medium for half of the higher traits
Stripes wrong way, but toes are webbed
Usual traits produce high rate
Medium for similar to original
Up right and webbed equal high
Up right makes fertility higher
Stripes are the wrong way, but toes are webbed

124.
because it has webbed feet
it has up and to the left stripes
its stripes
because of it's feet
because up and to the left stripes
up and to the left stripes and it's feet
up and to the rightg and webbed feet
Up and to the right stripes
up and to the right
curved feet
up and tro the right and webbed feet
webbed feet
up and to the right and webbed feet, off season
up and to the left and curved feet
stripes helped but got luick
feet helped

125.
has stripes horizontally
has stripes horizontally 
has stripes vertically
has stripes vertically 
has stripes horizontally
stripes vertically 
has stripes vertically 
has stripes horizontal 
stripes up right non webbed
stripes up left webbed feet
striped up to the right with web feet
non webbed feet up to the left stripes
up to the right and non web feet
stripes to the left with non webbed feet
stripes to the right and webbed feet equal les fertility 
webbed feet and up to the left striped is more fertile 

126.
the reptile is less fertile.
the reptile is less fertile.
the reptile is more fertile.
the reptile is more fertile.
the reptile is more fertile.
the reptile is less fertile.
the reptile isn't fertile.
the reptile is less fertile.
the reptile is fertile.
the reptile is most fertile.
the reptile is most fertile.
the reptile is less fertile.
the reptile is fertile.
the reptile is most fertile.
the reptile is most fertile because of stripes.
the reptile is less fertile because of webbed feet.

127.
It is because of the webbed feet and stripes on the reptile.
This one had stripes but it's feet are different. They are not webbed.
The stripes are diagonal and its feet are webbed. So it receives ahigher score
The feet and stripes are different for this on, which means it receives a lower score.
The stripes and the webbed feet make it receive a higher fertility score
Its' stripes are in a different direction and the webbed feet make it receive a mid range score
The direction of the stripes and the non webbed feet make this one receive a low fertility score.
The stripes direction and webbed feet make this reptile receive a mid range score.
The non webbed feet and the direction of the stripes make this reptile achieve a low score.
Higher score for the direction but still mid range because of the non webbed feet.
Webbed feet get it to mid range but direction stripes keep iti on the lower end.
I think based on the previous criteria, this one should have a higher score due to stripes direction and webbed feet.
Needs a higher score foe stripes direction. non webbed feet keep it low
Average score due to stripes direction and webbed feet.
Non webbed feet and stripes direction stopped it from getting a higher score.
The stripes direction and webbed feet

128.
This reptile has pretty good fertility and has stripes that go up and to the right and has webbed feet.
This reptile has slightly lower fertility and has stripes that go up and to the left and does not have webbed feet.
This reptile has the same fertility as the other reptile with stripes that went up and to the right. This one does not have webbed feet though.
This reptile has the same fertility as the other reptile with stripes that went up and to the left. This reptile has webbed feet though.
This reptile has decent fertility and stripes that go up and to the left. It does not have webbed feet.
This reptile has decent fertility and stripes that go up and to the right. It does not have webbed feet.
This reptile has great fertility. Reptiles with stripes that go up and to the right seem to have the best fertility.
This reptile seems to have low fertility and stripes that go up and to the left. Other reptiles with this pattern have low fertility.
This reptile has decent fertility and stripes that go upp and to the right with curved feet.
This reptile has great fertility and stripes that go up and to the right but has webbed feet.
This reptile has lower fertility because of the stripes that go up and to the left. It also has curved feet.
This reptile has low fertility because of its stripe pattern
This reptile has low fertility because of its stripe pattern
This reptile has high fertility because its stripe pattern is up and to the right
This reptile has a lower fertility because its stripe pattern is up and to the left
This reptile has decent fertility because its stripe pattern is up and to the right. Its curved feet might make it a little less fertile than a reptile with webbed feet.

130.
stripes to the right, toes curl
stripes to right, webbed toes
stripes to left, webbed toes
striped to left, curled toes
stripes to left, curled toes
stripes to right, webbed toes
striped to right, curled toes
stripes to left, webbed toes
Stripes to right, curled toes
stripes to right, webbed toes
stripes to left, webbed toes
stripes to left, curled toes
striped to left, webbed toes
striped to right, webbed toes
stripes to right, curled toes
striped to left, curled toes

131.
the reptile is webbed feet and stripes directed rightward
webbed feet and striped angled right showed lower fertility
same features there the fertility  varies depending different factors
there must be varied reasons for the diffferent results in fertility here
the  environmental non hereditary factors
inconsisteny  fertility  scores for identical physical traits
external factors the features are the same
the features are same there is inconsistent  fertility scores
webbed feet , the differents envoronmental factors may have leed to this
same features with different  fertility scores shows some external variations that led to this
environmental factors affect the change
high scores shows some improvements in the varied factors that may have affected the situations
varied factors brings inconsistent fertility scores
same features also different scores in fertility . there is  non heredatry factors
the reptile may have been in a difficult envronment where  doent support good conditions
high fertility shows they have been in a favourable situation

132.
Diagonal stripe and webbed feet
Diagonal stripe going to the right and sharper feet
Diagonal stripes to the right
Signal stripes to left and sharper feet
Diagonal feet to the left and sharp feet
Diagonal stripes to the left and webbed feet
Diagonal stripes to the right and sharp feet
Webbed feet
Left stripes
Right stripes
Left stripes
Webbed feet
Right stripes and sharp feet
Left stripes but sharp feet helped 
Left stripes
Right stripes. Webber feet bring the score down a bit

133.
Because their stripes are angled to the left. 
Because they have webbed feet
Because they don't have webbed feet, and their stripes are angled to the right. 
Because they have webbed feet. 
They don't have webbed feet. 
Because the stripes are angled to the right. 
Because they have webbed feet and the stripes are angled to the left. 
No webbed feet, and stripes angled to the right. 
Webbed feet and stripes to the left. 
does not have webbed feet
It has webbed feet
does not have webbed feet and stripes are to the right
does not have webbed feet and stripes to the right
webbed feet
not sure
does not have webbed feet, stripes are to the right

134.
webbed feet
stripes up and to the left plus normal feet
stripes up and to the right
stripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the right
stripes up and to the left
the feet?
stripes up and to the right
stripes to the left, pointy feet
stripes to the right
stripes to the left
stripes to the right
stripes to the left?
stripes to the left and pointy feet
stripes to the right and pointy feet. stripes diminished and feet helped
stripes and feet both hurt

135.
Not sure yet this is just the first sample.
I could not spot any notable differences from the other reptile that got a fertility rating of 5.
Perhaps the webbed feet have played a role in increasing the fertility from the first sample.
A combination of having stripes going from up and left while also having webbed feet seem to work better for fertility than not.
I retract my statements from the previous reptile, this one has a higher fertility score despite having stripes that go up and right. The webbed feet seem to be the only consistent element that has resulted in a higher fertility rate.
The fertility is lower than the previous reptile due to it lacking webbed feet. 
I suppose its plausible there is something wrong with non-webbed feet that causes lowered fertility rates and its pushed even further if combined with stripes that go up and left.
Maybe reptiles that have stripes that go up and left are more compatible with reptiles that have webbed feet, but inversely has a negative impact when up left striped reptiles are paired with ones with non-webbed feet.
The curved feet have caused the fertility rate to drop.
The webbed feet have resulted in the fertility rate to rise, alongside pairing it with the up left pattern.
The webbed feet contributed most to the higher fertility baseline but the stripe pattern going up and right did not help.
The bad combination of having curved feet and up left pattern has resulted in a lower fertility rate.
The curved feet have resulted in a generally lower fertility rate but it seems like the up left pattern has not affected this individual's fertility much.
The webbed feet have certainly been the primary cause of the high fertility.
The webbed feet in combination with the up left pattern has resulted in an exceptionally high fertility.
The curved feet have brought the overall fertility down.

136.
I don't know yet, as I currently have a sample size of one. Her stripes go up and to the right, and her feet aren't webbed, but that may mean nothing so far.
Possibly her stripes going to the left, still unsure.
This was a similar score to the previous score of 4 with stripes to the left, though her feet are now webbed. Still possible it's her stripes.
Webbed feet plus stripes to the right. With a very limited sample size, up and to the right is correlating with higher scores.
Same as before, I'm assuming up and to the right is higher scores at this point. Webbed seems unrelated.
Sticking with arrow size as the causal determinator here.
Stripes up and to the right is higher scores, still.
Stripes are pointing left, for a lower score.
Stripes to the right.
Stripes to the left indicate a lower score.
This is the first score that goes against the broad trend. Could be random probabilistic chance, or there' some combinatory thing I don't know. But I've seen plenty of non-webbed up and to the right with high scores so far.
Again, every to the left stripe has been between 4-6 (I think).
Well, this is lower than what I just said, but I'll still blame the stripes.
Assuming left stripes, again.
Right stripes have higher.
Again, this is the second case of right stripes droppign lower, but I'm assuming it's just a probabilistic score, so even with 90% chance of above 7, say, there will be some below. Extremely strong correlation.

137.
These traits might be linked to a dominant gene.
These genes might be recessive, but that doesn't mean they don't show up from time to time.
Pointed toes may allow the reptile to survive greater danger or be of greater use than webbed toes.
Webbed toes and the pattern going to the left could mean that the reptile doe not blend into its surroundings. That and its webbed toes are not very versatile.
Webbed toes are not versatile, but the pattern going to the right could mean a greater camouflage potential.
This reptile has a greater chance of survival with its pointed toes and pattern to the left. 
Toe shape has a greater effect on fertility than pattern.
Webbed toes means a poor fertility score.
Webbed toes have indicated lower fertility in the past but the pattern might influence things more.
Left pattern could mean lower fertility score.
Left pattern.
Right pattern plus pointed feet.
Right pattern plus pointed feet.
Pointed Feet but left facing pattern gives a slightly lower fertility score.
Pattern might have a larger effect on fertility than before. This is a large score for a reptile with webbed toes.
Webbed does and a left pattern usually perform worse, this is one of the better cases.

138.
This reptile received a score of 8 because it has striped skin and webbed feet.
This reptile received a score of 4 because its stripes are diagonal l
This reptile received a score of 4 because its stripes are diagonal and its feet aren’t webbed.
This reptile received a score of 7 because its feet are not webbed and its stripes are not diagonal 
This reptile received a score of 6 because its feet are webbed and its stripes are not diagonal 
This reptile received a score of 7 because its stripes are diagonal and its feet aren’t webbed
This reptile has webbed feet and diagonal stripes
This retile doesn’t have webbed feet or diagonal stripes
It has up left stripes and non webbed feet
It has up right stripes and webbed feet 
It has up right striped and non webbed feet 
It has up left stripes and webbed feet
It has up left stripes and non webbed feet
It has up right stripes and webbed feet 
It has up left stripes and webbed feet 
Is is up right stripes and non webbed feet 

139.
He has angled strips
His strips are angled forward
because his tail is straight
because his strips are angled backwards
because his strips are facing forward
because his strips are facing down
because his strips are facing forward
becuase his strips are facing down
because of his lines goinog down
because of his webbed toes
because of his forward facing strips
because of his webbed toes
because of his angled strips
because of his not webbed toes
because of his strips
because of his front facing strips

140.
Its webbed feet and right angled lines helped it attract mates.
The left angled lines makes it less able to attract mates
right angled lines gives increased ability to attract mates but non-webbed toes makes it less then ideal
left angled lines and non-webbed toes makes this reptile less attractive
webbed toes are not enough to make a left angled stripped reptile attractive
left angled lines and non-webbed toes are more attractive this season
right angled lines make this reptile attractive
right angle lines makes this reptile attractive
left angled lines
right angled lines
left angled lines and luck
right angled lines
right angled lines
right angled lines increase fertility
left angled lines decrease fertility
left angle lines decrease fertility

141.
This reptile has webbed feet and stripes up and to the left. She is green and appears to be somewhat related to a frog. 
This reptile has the same stripes up and to the left and webbed feet. It also resembles a frog. I am not sure why the fertility on this one is only a 2.
This reptile is green with stripes that move up and to the right. It resembles a frog and has more defined feet. 
This reptile has webbed feet and stripes that move up and to the right. I feel as though the reptiles with the webbed feet tend to have lower fertility despite what stripes they have.
Again this reptile seems to have stripes that are up and slanted to the right with webbed feet. 
This reptile has more defined feet and stripes that go upwards and to the right. I am more certain that reptiles with the more defined and less webbed feet are more fertile.
We have another reptile with stripes upwards and to the left with webbed feet and a low fertility score. The reptiles with webbed feet seem to have trouble with fertility no matter which way their stripes go but especially with stripes to the left.
This reptile has defined feet and stripes upwards to the left. A very good fertility score.
This reptile received a 5 due to his curved feet and the stripes going up and to the right.
This reptile had a slightly higher fertility rate than the previous one even though they both had curved feet but this one had stripes up and to the left.
Webbed feet tend to have a lower fertility score and combined with the slight right leaning stripes make this one very low.
Webbed feet with slight left stripes make it slightly more fertile at a score of 3.
Curved feet and stripes to the right with a score of 9 on the fertility scale makes me think the stripes have nothing at all to do with the fertility. 
Webbed feet and stripes to the left on this reptile. I'm surprised it got a fertility score of 5.
Webbed feet and a slight right stripes on this reptile reinforce that it doesn't seem to matter on whether the stripes lean left or right.
Stripes leaning left and the curved feet give this one a fertility score of 9. It does seem like the stripes leaning to the left very slightly increase fertility but not by much.

142.
Because the stripes are pointed to the right.
Because the stripes point to the left
Because the stripes point to the right and the toes aren't curly.
Because the stripes are pointing to the left.
Because the stripes point to the left.
Because the stripes point to the right.
Even though this reptile has stripes that go to the right, it also has curly toes
This reptile has stripes that go to the right but it also doesn't have curly toes
This reptile has stripes that go to the left.
This reptile has curly/curved toes and stripes that go to the left.
This reptile has webbed toes and stripes that go to the right.
This reptile has stripes that go to the right but also curved / curly toes.  It might be an anomaly. 
This reptile has stripes that go to the left.
This reptile has stripes that go to the left.
This reptile has stripes that go to the left which indicates fertility.
This reptile has stripes that go to the right which indicates lack of fertility.

143.
The reptile got an 8 because his fit aren’t webbed and he has stripes
The reptile has a low fertility score because he has too much space between is claws
He has a 7 since his feet are webbed and he has stripes
His score is a 3 because the stripes are facing the wrong direction and his feet aren’t webbed
His score is average because his stripes are facing the right way but his feet aren’t webbed to help his offspring survive
His feet are slightly webbed while having dark perfectly vertical strips which is why his score is a 7
His feet aren’t webbed so his offspring can’t survive
His stripes are thin and aren’t in the right direction. His feet are slightly webbed which helps give him a 6 fertility score
His stripes are dark and up right and his feet are webbed making him the genetically superior I 
His stripes are correct but his feet aren’t webbed making him mediocre 
He has webbed feet but wrong stripes making him genetically mediocre
His fertility is low because of the lack of webbed feet and incorrect stripes pattern. The season might have helped keep it a 4 instead of a 2
Season may have brought what was previously a 10 due to the perfect stripes and feet down to an 8
Wrong stripe orientation but perfect feet makes him average
Season could have changed and the lack of webbed feet alongside it could have made him genetically inferior
Wrong stripes and no webbed feet

144.
It has webbed feet and stripes that slant up and to the right. It's also smiling...I dont know if that has an impact.
It also has webbed feet, but the stripes slant down and to the right. Or is it up and to the left...
This reptire has curly toes instead of webbed.
This reptile has curly toes and it's stripes go down and to the left.
This reptile has stripes that go down and to the left and curly toes.
This reptile has stripes that go down and to the left and webbed toes.
This reptile has stripes that go down and to the right and webbed toes. 
This reptile has stripes that go down and to the right and curly toes.
Curly toes and stripes down and to the left.
Webbed toes and stripes down and to the right.
Down and to the right on hte stripes and curly toes.
Down and to the left and webbed toes.
Stripes are down and to the right and there are webbed toes.
Stripes are down and to the left and toes are webbed.
Stripes are down and to the right and toes are curled.
Stripes are down and to the left and toes are curled.

145.
Its stripes run vertically and it has webbed feet. The fertility may be low as it's not mating season.
The stripes on the animal run vertically just like the last, however, this species does not have webbed toes. This species is likely in mating season.
The stripes on this species run more horizontally and it's toes are also webbed. The webbed toes animals seem to be less fertile so far.
While the stripes run more horizontally, the high fertility score is related to the fact that the species does not have webbed toes. 
The stipes on this animal are entirely vertical and it doesnt have webbed toes. The high fertility score is in direct relation to the lack of webbed toes and the vertical stripes. 
The horizontal lines and the webbed toes lead to a lack of fertility. 
The high fertility score is related to the lack of webbed toes, however, the fertility is slower lower because the stripes on the back run more horizontally than vertically.
The elevated fertility score is related to the vertical stripes on the species back. The webbed toes are typically associated with lower fertility. 
The horizontal stripes and the webbed feet are signs of reduced fertility in this species. 
While this species has the correct stripes for high fertility, it is hampered by it's webbed toes, which are a sign of lower fertility. 
While this species has more horizontal stripes on the back, the straight, pointy feet are a sign of high fertility for this species. 
The vertical stripes and the lack of webbed feet are both indications for a high fertility rate for this species. 
The lack of vertical stripes and the presence of webbed feet is why this species has a lower fertility rate. 
While this species doesn't have the pointed feet, the high fertility is attributed to the vertical stripes.
This species has relatively low fertility given that it shares both traits of high fertility, pointy feet and vertical stripes.
The pointed feet on this species are a contributing factor to this species high fertility rate. 

146.
I BELIEVE THE WEBBED FEET AND ANGLED STRIPES
The angled stripes to the right is less fertility than the left.
the angled stripe going to the right means low fertility
the feet indicate a low fertility
the angled stripes to the left indicate a high fertility
the angled stripes going to the left and the webbed feet indicate high fertility
it is low fertility since the feet are curved and the stripes are to the right
the angled stripes going to the right indicate low fertility
the feet make the infertility lower
the stripes angled that way may affect the infertility
the reason the infertility is high is because of the stripes being angled to the left
the fertility score is low due to the feet and the stripes being angled to the right 
the fertility is high due to the stripes being to the left
the fertility score may be that way due to the stripes and feet
the fertility is low due to the stripes being angled to the right
the fertility is high because the angled stripes are to the left

147.
This frog has three webbed feet.
This frog has bright green skin.
This frog is an amphibian mammal.
This frog has scaly stripped skin. 
This frog has bright green skin.
This frog has three fingers on three webbed feet. 
This frog has special tongues that can easily stretch to grab food from a distance. 
This frog has bright green scaly skin with dark green stripes in the back. 
This frog's webbed feet makes a huge difference based on appearance of their feet. A pointy curvy feet would feel more ideal than a webbed feet. 
This frog's up and right skin seems more ideal and the up and left skin because it looks more visually appealing. 
The bright green skin color of this frog is more visually appealing but can be too bright for others due to light sensitivity. 
This frog's special actions of being able to stretch their tongue out to grab food from a distance is what makes it unique for frogs. 
The appearance of three fingers on three webbed feet can create distractions for others. 
This frog comes from an amphibian mammal family that lives in jungles.
Frogs has special diet interests such as eating insects in order to survive in the jungle. 
Frogs can sometimes have difficulty in producing off springs in the jungle. 

148.
This reptile has stripes that go up and to the left. 
Webbed Feet, and stripes to the right. 
Curly feet and Stripes to the right. 
Webbed Feet and Stripes to the left. 
Stripes to the left, and curly toes
Stripes to the right, webbed feet
Stripes to the right with curly toes. 
Stripes to the left with webbed feet. 
Because of the stripes to the right. 
Stripes to the left. 
STripes to the right with curly toes. 
Stripes to the left. 
Stripes going to the right. 
Stripes going to the right. 
Stripes going to the left. 
Stripes going to the left. 

149.
It has good feet for mobility
It has webbed feet
Its feet are well shaped
It has webbed feet
it has webbed feet
Its feet has good features like claws
It has claws
It has webbed feet
webbed feet
webbed feet
pointy feet
pointy feet
Upleft stripes
pointy feet
pointy feet
webbed feet

150.
Because of its webbed feet and color.
Because of its stripes going up and to the right instead of the left.
Because the stripes are going up and to the right.
Because it's stripes are going up and to the left and it has curly feet.
Because it has stripes going up and to the right and webbed feet.
Because it has stripes going up and to the right.
Because it has stripes going up and to the left and curly feet.
Because it has stripes going up and to the left but not curly feet.
Because its feet are webbed.
Because its stripes are going up and to the right.
Because its stripes are going up and to the left and has curly feet.
Because it has stripes going up and to the right.
Because its stripes are going up and to the left and has curly feet.
Because it has stripes going up and to the right.
Because it has stripes going up and to the right plus webbed feet.
Because its stripes are going up and to the left.

151.
it looks urly and not webbed and the stripes are angled up and to the right
it looks curly and not webbed
the reptile has curly feet
it has curlyfeet and stripes angled to the right
it has curly feet and stripes angld up to the right
it is not webbed
looks angled to the right
nit webbed
it has curved feet
this pertile has curved feet
this reptile has curved stripes
has stripes angled
can produce mid
has strpes and angled up the right
has stripes

152.
This reptile has stripes angled up to the right and curly-looking feet. Its fertility score is 4, which is somewhat low, so these features may not be strongly linked with high fertility. I need to compare it with later reptiles to see whether the feet, stripes, or both affect fertility.
This reptile has stripes angled up to the right and webbed-looking feet. Its fertility score is 7, which is fairly high, so one or both of these features may be linked to higher fertility. I will compare it with more reptiles to see whether the feet or stripe direction matters more.
This reptile has stripes angled up to the right and curly-looking feet. Its fertility score is 3, which is low, so these features may be associated with lower fertility. Compared with the earlier reptile that scored 7, the feet may be important, but I need more examples to be sure.
This reptile has stripes angled up to the right and webbed-looking feet. Its fertility score is 4, which is moderate-low. Since a similar reptile scored higher before, this may reflect normal seasonal variation, but webbed feet may still be somewhat helpful. I need more examples to confirm whether feet, stripes, or both affect fertility.
This reptile received a high fertility score of 8, meaning it produced many surviving offspring. This suggests that its visible features may be linked to higher fertility. Based on the earlier examples, webbed feet seem more likely to be helpful, but I will keep comparing more reptiles to confirm the pattern.
This reptile received a fertility score of 5, which is in the middle range. That means its features may not strongly increase or decrease fertility, or the score may reflect normal seasonal variation. I will keep comparing reptiles to see whether feet type, stripe direction, or both explain the pattern.
This reptile received a fertility score of 2, which is very low. This suggests that its visible features may be linked to lower fertility, or that it had an unusually poor breeding season. I will compare it with other reptiles to see whether the feet type, stripe direction, or both are responsible for the low score.
This reptile received a fertility score of 2, which is very low. This suggests that its traits are probably not favorable for fertility, although some variation can happen between seasons. I would compare its feet and stripe direction with higher-scoring reptiles to identify which feature is linked to lower fertility.
This reptile has webbed feet and stripes angled up to the right. Its fertility score is 7, which is fairly high, so webbed feet may be associated with higher fertility. The stripe direction still does not seem as clearly important, so I think the feet are the main reason for its higher score.
This reptile has webbed feet and stripes angled up to the right. Its fertility score is 8, which is high, so this supports the idea that webbed feet are associated with higher fertility. The stripe direction still seems less important than the feet, so the webbed feet are probably the main reason for this high score.
This reptile has webbed feet and stripes angled up to the right. Its fertility score is 9, which is very high, so this strongly supports the idea that webbed feet are linked with higher fertility. Since stripe direction has been less consistent, the webbed feet are probably the main reason this reptile was highly fertile.
This reptile has curved/pointy feet and stripes angled up to the right. Its fertility score is 2, which is very low. This supports the pattern that curved/pointy feet are associated with lower fertility, while stripe direction does not seem to matter as much.
This reptile received a fertility score of 5, which is moderate. This suggests its features are neither strongly helpful nor strongly harmful, or that there is some normal variation between breeding seasons. So far, webbed feet seem linked with higher fertility, while curved/pointy feet seem linked with lower fertility.
This reptile has curved/pointy feet and stripes angled up to the right. Its fertility score is 7, which is fairly high. This may be due to normal seasonal variation, since curved/pointy feet usually seemed linked with lower fertility before. I still think feet matter more than stripe direction, but not every reptile will follow the pattern perfectly.
This reptile has webbed feet and stripes angled up to the right. Its fertility score is 6, which is moderately high. This fits the pattern that webbed feet are linked with higher fertility, although the score is not extremely high because there is still normal seasonal variation.
This reptile received a fertility score of 5, which is moderate. This suggests its features are not strongly linked with either very high or very low fertility, or that the score reflects normal seasonal variation. So far, webbed feet still seem more helpful overall, while stripe direction seems less important.

153.
They produced 7 living offspring.
They produced 3 living offspring.
They produced 3 living offspring.
They produced 7 living offspring.
This type of reptile has a lower birth rate.
This type of reptile has a higher birth rate.
This reptile has a higher birth rate.
Stubby-toed reptiles have a medium birth rate.
This reptile has a remarkably fertile season for it's species.
This reptile tends to have low reproduction rates.
This type of reptile has a very high fertility rate.
This reptile may have cross-bred will a more productive breed.
Typical repro rate for this species.
Typical repro rate for this species.
This reptile may have cross-bred with a more productive breed.
Typical repro rate for this breed.

154.
It has feet with points on the toes
This animal has more webbed feet and spines that point up and to the right 
This reptile has webbed feet and spines that go up and to the left, which are lowering its score. 
This reptile has pointed toes, reducing its fertilityIt has spines that go up and to the right, which may be boosting fertility ever so slightly.
This reptile has the markers of what would previously have expected a higher fertility score with webbed feet and spines to the right. This lower score may be due to mating with a reptile that has a lower fertility score as well.
This reptile has spines that go up and to the right, boosting the fertility, however the pointed toes have been noted as causing lower fertility. 
This reptile has the marks of one that would be expected to be low fertility with pointed toes and spines to the left. In this case there may be less to do with the spines and toes and some other feature that is causing the high fertility. 
This reptile has webbed feet and spines to the left, the webbed feet may be helping to boost the fertility in this case. 
In this case, it may be that pointed toes has a lower likely hood of producing a high fertility score. The spines up and to the right are consistent with positively affecting fertility. 
In this case, both of the aspects that may have shown high fertiltiy are not producing high fertility with webbed feet and spines to the right
It's possible that webbed feet allows for some kind of natural boost in the water which allows for offspring to live longer, but this is not certain. Spines have little/nothing to do with fertility.
 The toes being pointed makes it possible that pointed toes does not produce reliable offspring for fertility.Spines mean little/nothing
The webbed feet in this situation may again be boosting the chance of positive outcomes for offspring. 
It does seem that both pointed and webbed feet have about the same outcomes, with webbed feet having a higher overall possible average number (possibly). Spines mean little/nothing
The webbed feet may again be helping to boost outcomes, as there is little with the spines that may actually help the animals in the wild. 
This cements my idea that the spines/lines on the back mean little and affect the fertility score minimally, if at all. 

155.
It is hard to say at this time. 
It’s stripes are up and to the right. 
It’s toes
Webbed toes 
Webbed toes
Curled toes
Curled toes
Webbed toes and left stripes 
Webbed toes and left stripes 
Curled toes and right stripes
Webbed toes 
Curled toes and left stripes
Curled toes
Curled toes
Curled toes and right stripes 
Toes and right stripes 

156.
It had 10 offspring born.
It's stripes are diagonally left and its feet are webbed. It had 9 offspring.
It had 2 offspring and stripes that went right.
It had 2 offspring. It's feet are webbed and the stripes are diagonally right.
It had 6 offspring, its feet are webbed, and its stripes are diagonally right.
It had 8 offspring, its feet are curly and the stripes are diagonally right.
It has curly feet and left-diagonal stripes. It had 9 offsprings.
Its stripes are left-slanting. It had 8 offspring.
Curly feet and stripes right downward. It had 5 offspring.
Stripes are right downward and webbed feet. It had 5 offspring.
Its stripes go downward to the left and it has webbed feet. It had 6 offspring.
It has curly feet and stripes downward to the left. It had 9 offspring.
Curly feet, downward to the left stripes, 10 offspring.
Curly feet, stripes downward to the right. 4 offspring.
4 offspring, stripes going downward to the right. Webbed feet.
Webbed feet, stripes downward to the left (I know this is backwards of how you say it). It had seven offspring.

157.
It looks immature and not yet an adult.  Also, it is camouflaged well and may not easily stand out to mates. 
This reptile has a large white spot on it's chin which may be attractive to mates and it looks happy and healthy. 
This reptile has webbed feet and may mate in water where the change for low birth survival rate is higher. 
This reptile has curly toes which may mean it can be stronger and healthier as it lives in multiple environments. 
This reptile has webbed toes making it more likely to be less fertile as it lives closer to the water and it's offspring may not have the same opportunity to thrive to maturity.
This one has curly toes and belongs to a healthier, more fertile strain of the reptile. 
This reptile has webbed feet and seems to be less fertile because of their evolution as compared to other similar reptiles. 
This one has curly toes indicating stronger fertility but may suffer from an unseen health issue. 
This reptile has curly toes and lines that go up to the right aligning it with other reptile that scored in this range. 
This reptile has both curly toes and stripes that go up and to the left.  This strain of reptile appears to be very fertile. 
This reptile has both webbed feet and stripes that go up to the right landing it in a mid-range fertility score. 
This reptile has webbed feet but also stripes that go up and to the left.  This combination frequently lands in the mid-range. 
This is another example of a web footed, strips to the right reptile that lands in the 4-6 range.
The web toes are a drag on this "up to the left" striped reptile, dropping it slightly below mid range.
Curly toes are the critical element taking this stripes to the right variant to an elevated level of fertility.
This curly toed reptile has stripes to the left which frequently puts the reptile in the 7-10 range.

158.
It has angled stripes and webbed feet
It has angled strips, despite its non-webbed feet
Its striped are angled
It has a higher angle in its stripes and non-webbed feet
It has curly feet and stripes angled from top left to bottom right
It has angled strips from top left to bottom right AND webbed feet!
Its stripes are angled too steeply and it has nonwebbed feet
Despite its webbed feet, its stripes are angled too steep
Non-webbed feet and "up-right" angled stripes
"Up-right" angled stripes
"up-left" angled stripes, but nonwebbed feet
Webbed feet and "up left" angled stripes!
Webbed feet, but "up-right" angled stripes
Beautiful stripes angled "up left" and super sexy webbed feet
"Up-left" angled stripes + non-webbed feet
"Up-right" angled stripes and non-webbed feet

159.
A small number of offspring survived to maturity.
Only one offspring survived to maturity.
A higher percentage of her offspring survived to maturity.
A slightly moderate number of offspring made it to maturity.
A small number of offspring got to mature.
Almost all her offspring made it to maturity.
All the reptile's offspring made it to maturity.
Only the most least number of her offspring made it to maturity.
Most of her offspring made it to maturity. This is on account of chance due to the lack of pointy/claw-like feet.
Most of her offspring didn't make it to maturity. Environmental pressure didn't favor the offspring regardless of having claw-like feet that are propitious for survival.
A moderate amount of her offspring made it to maturity.
Most of her offspring made it to maturity. The environment favored the maturity of the offfspring since having webbed automatically allows them to inhabit the aquatic terrain reduced exposure to predators.
Almost all of her offspring made it to maturity. Webbed feet provide room for habitation in both aquatic and terrestrial regions.This inreases the probabilty of survival by reducing the exposure of the vulnerable offspring to threatening predators.
Lack of webbed feet restrained the reptile's offspring to terrestrial habitations alone making them more vulnerable to terrestrial predators with less of an option for further survival.
Most of her offspring didn't make it to maturity.
Most of her offspring made it to maturity.

160.
Their feet might have made it difficult to dig in the ground to lay their eggs
Their webbed feet made it easier for them
Their stripe pattern, down to the right, made them less fertile 
That combination of feet and stripe pattern was favorable for that season 
One of their traits made it difficult for them to be fertile that season, most likely the stripes that go down and to the right 
Their stripe patter, down and to the left is a favorable trait to have
Their stripe pattern, down and to the right, is not favorable for fertility
The combination of stripes going down and to the left as well as the webbed feet seem to be the most favorable for fertility 
They had webbed feet and stripes that go up and to the right 
Their webbed feet was favorable for fertility 
They have curved feet 
Their stripes go up and to the right and their feet are curved
Their stripes to up to the left 
Their stripes go up to the left 
They have stripes that go up to the right 
They have stripes that go up to the right and they have curved feet

161.
I believe the reptile received that score because it's feet were flat and therefore made it easier for it to lay eggs into the ground.
Compared to the previous reptile, I think the difference with this one is that the reptile is nowable to grip into the earth more effectively, therefore making it so it can lay eggs into the ground muchmore efficiently than the other one.
This reptile received the same score as the lastreptile, and also had the same physical characteristics, so my reasoning remains the same; it's feet help it grip the earth so it can lay more eggs into the soil.
The fertility score is lower because it wasn't able to effectively dig holes to bury its eggs into.
As with the last reptile, it wasn't able to dig holes effectively, nor was it able to grip the soil enough to easily lay eggs into the earth, hence why the fertility score is lower.
There isn't much deviation from the last reptiles with similar feet, so my reasoning remains the same; little gripping power/poor digging abilities contribute to lower fertility ratings.
This reptile was able to dig deeper into the dirt, thus keeping its eggs safer from other predators. Additionally, it was able to grip the soil more effectively whilst laying its eggs, therefore making its fertility rate higher.
Similarly to the last reptile, it was able to dig deeper holes for its eggs to keep them safer, and perhaps also advertently producing a better climate for them to grow in; it was also able to grip the earth better for more efficient "egg laying."
There's bound to be deviation from other seasons in regards to fertility ratings, but it's still higher compared to the reptiles with webbed feet, so as I've stated: it was able to dig deeper to keep its eggs safer in terms of climate AND from predators, and it was able to grip the soil better for efficient egg laying.
I'm not sure why the score is so high compared to the other webbed-footed reptiles. Perhaps the stripes do contribute to fertility more then I thought they did.
It can dig into the earth deeper for a better and safer environment for its eggs, and it can efficiently grip the soil with its feet to lay eggs. Additionally, the right leaning strips might indicate that this reptile is better at camouflaging then the reptiles with the left leaning stripes, therefore slightly increasing fertility ratings.
The fertility rating is substantially lower then the reptiles with curved feet because it cannot grip the soil effectively, nor can it dig deep enough to create a safe environment for its eggs. Additionally, its strips indicate it might be bad at camouflaging itself from predators.
Although the fertility rating is higher then the webbed-footed reptiles because of the clawed toes, it's still lower then the clawed toes with right leaning stripes due to its lack of ability to camouflage.
The score is higher then the webbed-footed reptiles because it can efficiently dig holes to create a better environment for its eggs, but as to why it's lower then its other right striped leaning, clawed-footed peers, I do not know.
My previous theory that right striped leaning reptiles are better at camouflaging is supported by this fertility score, even though this reptile with webbed-feet cannot effectively protect its eggs (dig deep/grip soil and so forth) like the claw-footed reptiles. 

162.
This reptile received this score because it has half the stripes.
This reptile received this score because it produced more offspring. 
Because it produced more offspring.
This reptile received this score because it did not produce many offspring.
This reptile received this score because it produced a few offspings.
This reptile received this score because it produced many offsrings.
This reptile received this score because it produced the most offsprings.
This reptile received this score because it only produced two offspings.
Because the reptiles feet are webbed.
Because the reptile has up-left stripes.
Because the reptile has up-right stripes and curved feet.
Because the reptile has up-left stripes and curved feet.
Because the reptile has up-right stripes and curved feet.
Because the reptile up-right stripes.
Because the reptile has webbed feet.
Because the reptile has up-right stripes.

163.
Because it produced 8/10 successful adults.
Because it produced 5/10 successful adults.
Because it produced 4/10 successful adults.
Because it produced 9/10 successful adults.
Because it produced 1/10 successful adults.
Because it produced 10/10 successful adults.
Because it produced 8/10 successful adults.
Because it produced 6/10 successful adults.
Because it has both webbed feet and stripes pointing left.
Because it has curled feet.
Because its stripes point to the right and it has curly feet.
Because it has webbed feet and stripes.
Because it has curly feet.
Because it has stripes pointing to the left and webbed feet.
Because it has webbed feet but stripes pointed to the right.
Because it has curly feet.

164.
The reptile looks very young.
The reptile looks too young. 
It is a little bit older now?
It is the same reptile as before.
This reptile is very young.
The reptile is a bit older than the last one. 
This reptile is closer to mating age.
It is not as close to mating age as the last. 
This one has downward to the right stripes and pointed feet. 
This one has downward to the left stripes and webbed feet.
This one has the downward to the left stripes and pointy feet.
This one has the upward to the left stripes and web feet. 
This one has upward to the left stripes and web feet. Especially the webbed feet with this stripe combo. 
This one has the perfect combo of the downward to the left stripes and especially the pointy feet. 
Actually this one has the perfect combo of the downward to the left stripes and web feet. 
This one has the downward to the right stripes, maybe feet don't matter as much?

165.
Higher fertility score due to clawed feet and stripes
Lower fertility score due to webbed feet
Lower fertility score because of webbed feet
Higher fertility score due to clawed feet
Lower fertility score because of webbed feet
Higher fertility score due to clawed feet
Higher fertility score due to stripes
Higher fertility score due to clawed feet
Higher fertility due to clawed feet
Lower score due to webbed feet
Lower score due to stripes left
Lower score due to webbed feet
Lower score due to left stripes and webbed feet
Higher score due to clawed feet
High score due to clawed feet
Lower score due to webbed feet

166.
The reptile is bright and colorful with visual stripes so it may be more appealing to the eye.
The stripes on this reptile are going down so that may be unappealing.
The stripes are not equal in relevance to another but still may be a bit more appealing than another reptile.
The stripes appear to be going down so the appeal is less.
The stripes are pointed down and the feet are less sharp.
The stripes are going down and the feet are sharp.
The toes are rounded and the stripes are somewhat equal in measure to one another. 
Even though the stripes are somewhat equal in distance to one another the toes are a bit sharp.
Stripes appearing up and to the right with curved and pointed feet have a lower fertility score.
The stripes appearing up and to the left regardless if the feet are curved and pointy have a slightly higher fertility rate.
Stripes going up and to the right with less pointy toes have a lower fertility rate.
Stripes going up and to the left with webbed toes have the highest fertility rate.
Pointed toes with stripes going up and to the left have a somewhat low fertility rate.
The highest fertility rate is with stripes going up and to the left with webbed feet.
The stripes going up and to the right with pointed toes is slightly high in regards to the fertility rate.
the stripes going up and to the right with webbed feet have a low fertility rate.

167.
it could be the horizonatal stripes
vertical stripes may not be as fertile
horizontal stripes not always fertile
vertical stripes not fertile
veritcal stripes
horizontal stripes
not sure
vertical stripes
Maybe webbed feet do matter more than I realized
horizontal stripes but the feet make it less fertile
veritcal stripes and the open feet are both bad
horizojntal and the webbed feet are both good
horizontal and open toe cancel out
webbed and horizontal stripes are both better
veritcal and open toe both bad
webbed feet matter more than the stripes maybe

168.
It has webbed feet and stripes that go to the left. It seems like these two aspects gave it an above average fertility score.
Still webbed feet, but the stripes are pointing to the right. This seems to be unappealing to the opposite sex of this species. 
Alright, stripes to the left and curled feet seem to be a winner when it comes to fertility.
Definitely stripes to the left and curled feet. It seems like Stripes to the right and webbed feet are the least desirable of this species.
This one has webbed feet and stripes to the left, which shows that it's undesirable among the opposite sex.
But in this case stripes to the right actually made it worse. Maybe the webbed feet, or combination thereof is what's causing this?
It seems like curled feet (probably due to it looking like a natural defense) cause the opposite sex to be attracted to this species. And stripes to the left or right don't matter as much as the curled feet.
Maybe it's stripes to the left that does matter? Because if it was all curled feet, the fertility score would be much higher.
I believe the webbed feet were the reason.
Again, the webbed feet, and a small issue with the stripes pointing to the left.
I feel like this fertility score should be higher, but the curled feet help a lot in this aspect.
Maybe I was wrong about the stripes, but I know the curled feet are definitely a huge factor in the fertility score. Maybe there's a 2 point difference with the stripes pointing downward to the left.
Didn't I just get shown this, and there's a perfect score now? Definitely seems like curled feet and downward to the left is a winner, but there is variance in each detail. Maybe a variance of 2 for each.
Webbed feet definitely are undesirable.
I feel like the stripes pointing to the right with webbed feet are a better combo, where curled pointing to the left are a better combo. It's not necessarily what each aspect is best, but the combo of each works best for each detail. Still, webbed feet is less desirable overall.
Definitely the combo. Seems like stripes pointing down and to the left fit with curled feet, but not to the right.

169.
They have curled toes, and stripes that angle to the right.
They have webbed toes.
They have webbed toes, and stripes that angle to the left.
They have curled toes, and stripes that angle to the left.
They have webbed toes, and stripes that angle to the left.
They have curled toes, and stripes that angle to the left.
They have webbed toes, and stripes that angle to the right.
They have curled toes.
They have stripes that angle to the right.
They have curled toes, and stripes that angle to the left.
They have webbed toes.
They have stripes that angle to the right.
They have stripes that angle to the left.
They have webbed toes, and stripes that angle to the right.
They have a combination of curled toes and stripes that angle to the left.
Their stripes angle to the right.

170.
 Because they can camouflage from predators.
 Didn't stay hidden
Kept babies covered so more survived 
Was able to keep babies safe 
Was able to have many babies and kept them alive
Lines point to the left
Lines go to the right
Lines to the right 
Stripes to the left and curved feet
Lines to the right 
Lines to the right
Line to the left 
Line to right
Rounded feet
Lines to the left and curved foot
Lines to right

171.
This is because this reptile has curly feet and their stripes are angled to the right.
This is because their feet are curly
This is because they have webbed feet
This is because they have webbed feet
They have curly feet thus having a low fertility score
The reason to this high fertility is webbed feet
The reason to this low fertility is due to curly feet
This reptile has webbed feet which explains this fertility rate
This may be due to curly feet
This is due to webbed feet
The high fertility rate is due to webbed feet
This is due to stripes being angled to the right and curly feet
this is due to the stripes being angled to the left
This is due to the stripes being angled to the right
This is due to the stripes being angled to the right
This due to having webbed feet

172.
Because it is green
Because it is green and striped.
The stripes go a different way.
The stripes do not match the pattern of the 9 and 10 fertility.
The stripes are the same as fertility 5-6.
Stripes go from top right down to the left.
Stripes go top left to bottom right, same as 5-6 fertility.
Stripes go from top right down to the left.
Stripes go from top right down to the left.
Stripes go top left down to the right.
Stripes go top left down to the right.
Stripes go from top right down to the left.
Stripes go from top right down to the left.
Stripes go top left down to right.
Stripes go top left down to right.
Stripes go from top right down to the left.

173.
stripes angled up and to the left
stripes angled up and to the right
pointed toes
curved feet
pointed toes
pointed toes
curved feet
pointy feet
webbed feet
pointy feet
webbed feet
stripes up and to the right
pointy toes
stripes up and to the left
webbed feet

174.
This reptile received a 6 because of the upward direction on its stripes as well as webbed feet.
An fertiltiy score of 8 for this reptile is earned because of the number of stripes on its back.
This reptile gets a 6 because its stripes run down closer to its feet.
This reptile is not as fertile because its stripes are too close together.
Too many stripes mean lower fertility rates.
This reptile's low fertility score is due to the direction of its stripes.
Low fertility score is based on the number of stripes.
This high fertility score is due to the reptile's webbed feet.
It received a score of 2 because it is lacking webbed feet.
A fertility score of 5 is given to this reptile because it has a 50-50 chance of survival due to it having webbed feet.
Fertility 5 is given to the reptile that has webbed feet reqardless of the fact that its stripes are facing away from a potential mate.
This frogger gets a 4 because its less likely to be fertile due to curled toes and unfriendly stripes.
This is a fluke. A score of 7 has likely been assigned to this reptile for reasons other then stripes or feet.
This reptile's feet gives it a better chance of being fertile because they are webbed.
This fertility score gives this reptile a 40% chance of survival because of the direction of its stripes. 
Curled toes get low fertility scores due to lack of gripping capabilities. 

175.
The environment is appropriate for breeding and the background shows that they can stay appropriately camoflauged. The animal has adapted to this environment, assisting in it's fertility.
The webbed feet are an additional adaptation that helps the animal thrive in this environment, allowing for more successful fertility. 
This animal has webbed feet and the color differential is more pronounced. Perhaps the brighter color makes it more visible to a mate.
The clawed feet have an impact on the animal's fertility. Likely this adaptation is less helpful for the animal, so the reptiles with webbed feet are more fertile.
This reptile's fertility score is lower, even though it has webbed feet. Perhaps there is an environmental impact that is affecting this reptile's fertility.
This animal has the same rating as the one previously even though the stripes are going the opposite direction. Perhaps, again, there is an environmental influence affecting fertility.
The claw-footed reptiles seem to be scoring lower overall in fertility. Therefore, the claws seem to be an adaptation that has a negative impact on fertility.
This reptile has claws but the stripes are leaning to the right, which seems to positively impact fertility. The claws work against fertility while the pattern on the reptile seems to work in it's favor.
The pattern on the reptile combined with the clawed feet negatively impacted it's fertility.
The reptile's pattern combined with the clawed feet negatively impacted it's fertility.
Although the pattern has some negative impact on fertility, the webbed feet positively impacted the reptile's fertility.
The pattern combined with the webbed feet had an impact. The webbed feet consistently positively impact fertility, but the pattern is less consistent.
The pattern combined with the webbed feet had a positive impact on fertility. The webbed feet seem to have a stronger influence than pattern.
The pattern on the reptile combined with the clawed feet had a negative impact on fertility. The clawed feet seem to have a stronger influence than pattern.
The webbed feet seem to strongly influence fertility. The pattern seems to have a lesser influence. The webbed feet positively impacted the reptile's fertility.
This seems to be an anomaly because typically clawed feet are less successfully fertile, however, the pattern could have had a positive impact on fertility in this case.

176.
they have curvy legs
they have curvy legs
they have flat legs
they have flat legs and flat legs are more fertile
the circle legs make it fertile
sharp legs is less fertile
webby legs make it more fertile
sharp legs have less fertility
webby legs have high fertility
it has webby legs
it has sharp legs and stripes going left
it has stripes going right
it has webby legs and stripes going left
it has sharp legs and stripes going right
it has stripes going left 
it has webby legs and stripes going right

178.
All the stripes 
Stripes and web feet 
One big eye
Stripes are closer
Eyes are further apart 
No stripes on feet
Stripes going to the right 
Lots of stripes and to the right 
Stripes down to eight 
Stripes down to right and web feet
Stripes down to left 
Stripes down to left 
Stripes down to left no web feet 
Stripes down to left 
Stripes up to left 
Stripes up to left 

179.
He has stripes that go to the left
stripes go to the right
she has webbed feet and stripes to the right
webbed feet and left pointing stripes
striped to the left and webbed feet
stripes to the right and webbed feet
stripes to the right and curly feet
stripes to the left and curled feet
curly feet and left stripes
stripes left and webbed feet
curly feet
stripes to the right
webbed feet
right stripes
left stripes and curly feet
webbed feet and right stripes

180.
It has webbed feet!
It has normal feet, but the same diagonal stripes.
Has webbed feet and slanted perpendicular stripes.
Has slanted perpendicular stripes and normal feet!
Has webbed feet and diagonal stripes!
Has slanted perpendicular stripes!
Has slanted perpendicular stripes with webbed feet!
Has diagonal stripes with normal feet!
Has slanted perpendicular stripes!
Has slanted perpendicular stripes!
Has diagonal stripes with normal feet!
Has webbed feet!
Has slanted perpendicular stripes with web feet!
Has diagonal stripes with normal feet!
Has slanted perpendicular stripes!
Has diagonal stripes!

181.
They are fully capable of walking and reproducing healthy offspring
This offspring has different sized eyes and is not ideal
They all look the same to me, this offspring could be a little older
Looks the same to me, so I'm not sure.
This reptile is happy but has issues with mobility?
I'm not sure why, it does look like it varies in shade of green a little
It looks happy and healthy in terms of fertility
It looks smaller and more adaptable to nature
It has curved feet which is not ideal
It has lines that go downwards
It has both webbed feet and lines that go up
It has lines that go down but curved feet
I'm not sure as its feet look the same as the last one along with the lines
The lines are going up but it has curved feet
It has webbed feet but shorter lines
It has long lines going up and down

182.
it has webbed feet
it has stripes going down from the left
it has curly feet
it has stripes going up from the left
it has stripes going down from the left and webbed feet
it has stripes going up from the left
it has stripes going down from the left
it has stripes going up from the left
it has webbed feet
it has stripes going down from the left
it has stripes going up from the left
it has stripes going down from the left
it has stripes going down from the left
it has stripes going up from the left but webbed feet
it has stripes going up from the left and curly feet
it has stripes going down from the left but curly feet

183.
This reptile was fairly fertile, producing 7 surviving offspring. More examples are needed to determine which features are related to fertility.
This reptile produced many offspring that survived to maturity. Its features may have contributed to this success, but more observations are needed to identify which traits matter.
This reptile had only a few offspring survive to maturity. Its features may be less favorable to fertility, but more examples are needed to determine which traits are important.
This reptile produced a relatively high number of offspring that survived to maturity.
This reptile's traits may have helped it produce more surviving offspring.
This reptile's traits may have strongly contributed to producing many surviving offspring.
This reptile produced very few offspring that survived to maturity.
This reptile's traits may have helped it produce many surviving offspring.
This reptile produced the highest possible number of surviving offspring and was extremely successful at reproduction.
This reptile had only a few of its offspring survive to maturity.
This reptile produced a relatively high number of offspring that survived to maturity.
This reptile had only very few offspring survive to maturity.
This reptile had only a small number of its offspring survive to maturity.
This reptile produced very few offspring that survived to maturity.
This reptile produced a relatively high number of offspring that survived to maturity.
This reptile had a relatively high number of offspring survive to maturity.

184.
stripes up and to the left
curled toes and stripes up and to the right
straight toes and stripes up and to the right
curled toes and stripes up and to the left
curled toes and stripes up and to the right
straight toes and stripes up and to the left
straight toes, stripes up and to the right.. lower than last one like this though
curled toes, stripes to the left
stripes to the left
webbed toes and stripes to the right
curled toes, stripes to the left
curled toes, stripes to the right
webbed toes, stripes to the left
this is a good combo - webbed toes + stripes to the right
curled toes drag this combo down, stripes to the right is a benefit
stripes are the same impact with curled toes

185.
stripes are angled up and to the rightfeet aren't webbed
stripes angled up and to the leftfeet are webbed
stripes angled up and to the leftfeet aren't webbed
feet are webbed
feet are webbed
feet aren't webbedstripes angled up and to the left
stripes up and to the rightfeet aren't webbed
stripes angled up and to the leftfeet are webbed
feet aren't webbedstripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the rightfeet are webbed
stripes up and to the rightfeet aren't webbed
feet webbedstripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the leftfeet aren't webbed
stripes up and to the rightfeet are webbed
stripes up and to the leftfeet are webbed
feet aren't webbedstripes up and to the right

186.
Not enough information yet. Reptile has webbed feet and diagonal right stripes.
Based on data so far the curled feet have a lower fertility score.
It has curly feet so the score should be down, but based on data diagonal left stripes probably have high fertility
Has webbed feet and diagonal left stripes. Highest fertility combination.
Has webbed feet and diagonal right stripes. Much lower fertility than anticipated perhaps both in combination are very low.
Webbed Feet and diagonal left stripes indicate high fertility, similar to a previous sample.
Diagonal right and curled feet have very low fertility.
Diagonal left and curly feet. Starting to think that only the direction of the stripes matter for fertility as this has the highest score.
Stripes to up/right so low fertility.
stripes up/left so high fertility
stripes up/left with surprisingly low fertility. anomoly or does curled feet with up/left go low?
the stripes are up and right now with a decent fertility score, much higher than previous. perhaps webbed feet in combination with up/right go higher?
stripes to the up/left we should expect high fertility
stripes to up/right we should expect low fertility
stripes to the up/right we should expect low fertility
stripes to the up/left we should expect high fertility

187.
It looks to docile and unassuming. No features to beget breeding.
More stripes mean higher chance of breeding.
I think it had to be a different season, looks too similar to last classification.
Stripes plus the webbed feet.
Webbed feet again and stripes angled towards them.
They have fewer stripes and their feet are more pointed, maybe with claws.
They have stripes but they are pointed downwards away from the head.
Their stripes are again pointed away from the head and they have webbed feet.
Not exactly sure
stripes up left and with webbed round feet
stripes up right with webbed round feet.
Claw feet and their stripes are pointed up left.
Stripes pointed up left and they have rounded webbed feet.
Stripes up left and they have clawed feet.
Stripes up right and clawed feet. Round feet would have elicited a higher score.
Stripes up right and webbed feet, perfect combination.

188.
The reptile has a curly feet and stripes angled up to the right. This seems linked to fertility.
Has webbed feet and stripes angled up to the left.
Has curly feet and stripes angled up to the right.
Has webbed feet and stripes angled to the left.
Has webbed feet and stripes angled to the right.
Has webbed feet and stripes angled up to the left.
Has curly feet and stripes angled to the right.
Has webbed feet and stripes angled up to the right.
Has curly feet and stripes angled to the right.
Has curly feet and stripes angled to the left.
Has webbed feets and stripes angled up to the right.
Has webbed feets and stripes angled to the left
Has webbed feets and stripes angled to the right.
Has webbed feets and stripes angled to the left.
has curly feets and stripes angled to the left.
Has webbed feets and stripes angled to the right.

189.
Stripes angled down and to the rightNo webbed feet
Stripes angled down and to the leftNo webbed feet
Stripes angled down and to the leftWebbed feet
Striped angled down to the rightWebbed feet
Stripes angled down and to the leftNo webbed feet
No webbed feet
Webbed feetStripes angled down right
Webbed feet
Webbed feet present
Curved feet present
Curved feet present
Webbed feet present
Webbed feet present
Webbed feet present (slight exception)
Curved feet present
Curved feet present

190.
stripes towards the right
stripes toward left
webbed feet
stripes up to right
stripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the right
stripes up and to the right
stripes up to the right, feet curled
stripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the right
stripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the right
stripes up and to the left
curled feet, stripes up and to right
curled feet, stripes up to left

191.
It has webbed feet and a long tail.
It has more stripes and they are verticle,
The stripes aren't vertical, and it doesn't have webbed feet. 
It doesn't have webbed feet
The webbed feet made it more fertile
The stripes are diagonal and not vertical.
It has diagonal stripes and non-webbed feet
The stripes and feet
The stripes are going up toward the left.
The reptile has webbed feet
The reptile has webbed feet
The stripes are downward to the rightThe toes are curved
The stripes are upward toward the left the toes are curved
The feet are webbed
the toes are curved the stripes are pointing downward
The toes are webbed

192.
The stripes were not as appealing for mates which caused the fertility score.
This reptile's stripes caused attraction from many other mates.
The webbed feet on this reptile allowed it to be profeccient in swimming and mates were more surrounded in water.
This reptile's stripes and webbed feet made it more appealing for mates.
The reptile doesn't have webbed feet which allows it to be more in the trees and find mates there.
This reptile has been viewed as less fertile compared to other reptiles due to its non webbed feet.
This reptile has webbed feet and has found more mates in the water.
The reptile has stripes that are less appealing
The reptile has a unique stipe pattern and webbed feet.
The curved feet and stripes made it more appealing for mates
The curved feet and stripes were more appealing for mates
The webbed feet and stripes caused more fertility
The pointed feet and unique stripes made this reptile the most fertile
The stripes made this reptile fertile in some way
The reptile has webbed feet which caused the fertility
The reptile has webbed feet and unique stripes.

193.
It had 3 offspring that made it to maturity.
It has 5 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 8 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 10 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 2 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 4 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 9 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 8 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 8 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 5 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 7 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 3 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 7 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 6 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 5 offspring that made it to maturity.
It had 1 offspring that made it to maturity.

194.
It has stripes.
It has stripes.
It has stripes and non webbed feet, the non webbed feet seemed to increase its fertility.
It has stripes.
It has stripes
It has stripes, the webbed or non webbed feet seem to have no bearing.
I’m not sure why its fertility went down.
The new nails seem to decrease its score
Downward stripes and webbed feet seem to make a high score.
Upward stripes and webbed feet seem to make a low score.
Upward stripes seem to be the reason for low score as it’s still low even with non webbed feet.
Downward stripes and non webbed feet create a middle ground score.
Upward stripes create a lower score with webbed feet making it slightly higher.
Upward stripes create a low score
Downward stripes and non webbed feet create a middle ground score
Downward stripes and webbed feet create a higher score

195.
It has stripes that are angled up to the left. It has curly feet 
It has stripes angled up to the right and has webbed feet
It has stripes angled up to the left and webbed feet.  
it has stripes angled up to the right and curly feet 
It has stripes angled up to the right and curly feet. The breeding season may have impacted its fertility 
It has stripes angled up to the right and webbed feet. Breeding seson may have increased fertility
It has stripes angled up to the left and webbed feet. Breeding season may have lowered its fertility
It has stripes angled up to the left and curly feet. Breeding season may have impacted fertility
It has stripes angled to the right and webbed feet
It has stripes angled to the left and curly feet
It has stripes angled to the left and webbed feet. Breeding season may have increased its fertility
It has stripes angled up to the left and has curly feet. Fertility may have been imacted by breeding season
It has stripes angled up to the right and webbed feet. 
Stripes angled up to the right and curly feet. 
Stripes angled up to the left and curly feet. Low fertilty may be cause by breeding season
Webbed feet, breeding season may have increased fertility

196.
stripes
stripes
stripes
unknown
webbed feetstripes
non-webbed feet
webbed feet and stripes
unknown
up/right stripes, and non-webbed feet
up/left stripespointy feet
webbed feetup/right stripes
webbed feet mixed with up/left stripes is not as fertile as up/left stripes with non-webbed feet
up/left stripes and webbed feet
up/right stripespointy feet
webbed feet and up/right stripes
pointy feet and up/left stripes

197.
The reason for the fertility score could be due to the feet on the reptile.
The toes of this reptile are not webbed. This could have a positive impact on fertility. The stripes are also angled in a way that may make it a type that is more fertile.
The stripes of this reptike are angled differently. The feet are also webbed, which may negatively impact fertility.
Although the feet are not webbed, the stripes are angled in a way that may negatively impact fertility.
This reptile has both the forward angled stripes and webbed feet. This is the combination with the most likelihood of low fertility.
The feet are not webbed, which indicated high fertility. It is not perfect, however, because of the forward angled stripes.
The stripes are angled backward and the feet are not webbed, which is the best combination for fertility.
The feet are webbed, which hinders fertility, despite the backward angled stripes.
The webbed feet hinder fertility.
The feet are not webbed, which aids in fertility.
The feet are not webber, aiding in fertility. The stripes may have some impact, but not much.
The combination of webbed feet and forward leaning stripes both hinder fertility.
Despite forward leaning stripes hindering fertility, the pointy feet are good for fertility.
The back-leaning stripes and non-webbed feet both aid fertility.
Webbed feet and forward-leaning stripes hinder fertility.
Despite the back-leaning stripes, the webbed feet have a greater impact on fertility in a negative nature.

198.
This reptile has webbed feet and stripes that go up and to the left. So far, based on this sample size of 1, either of these factors could play a role in determining the reptile's fairly strong fertility. 
This reptile has clawed feet and stripes that go up and to the left.  It is just slightly less fertile than the previous reptile, which had webbed feet. I am not yet confident the feet play a role in fertility. 
This reptile has clawed feet and stripes that go up and to the right. So far, it is the least fertile reptile --- reason is not yet clear based on the sample size. 
Webbed feet and stripes that go up and to the right. Webbed feet reptiles have had fertility rates above and below 5 so far, as have right-striped reptiles. No clear factor yet. 
This is the same as the second reptile, I believe. Same fertility score. Reasoning not yet clear.
Clawed and up to the right. No clear reason yet. 
Webbed and up to the left. I think this combo has been slightly lower, except for the first one, which was 8? 
Webbed and up to the right. Low fertility -- webbed might have something to do with it, but not consistently. 
Webbed and up to the right = lowest score. Webbed feet low? 
Curved and up to the right lowest score --- I retract my previous hypothesis, webbed is not the factor 
Webbed and up to the left -- highest fertility --- up to the left the factor? 
Curved and up to the left -- still over 5, could still be up to the left = more fertile. 
Webbed and up to the left --- seeming like up to the left is the factor that may be correlated to higher fertility (but probably not cause)
curved and up to the right -- lowest score -- stripe direction correlation continues 
webbed and up to the right -- medium score -- stripe direction could still be factor, I would want to see where up to the right caps
Up to the left, high score, correlation continues 

199.
the number is based on how many offspring survived to adulthood.
This species did not have many offspring survive.  stripes up and left
striped to the right webbed feet
striped right. not webbed
striped left and webbed
striped right and webbed
striped left and non webbed
striped right and non webbed
striped left and non webbed
striped right and webbed
striped right and non webbed
striped left and webbed
striped left and webbed
striped right and webbed
striped right and non webbed
striped right and non webbed

200.
It produced 6 offsprings that survived to maturity
It produced 8 offspring that survived to maturity
It produced 3 offspring that survived to maturity
It produced 4 offspring that survived to maturity
It produced 9 offspring that survived to maturity
It produced 10 offspring that survived to maturity
It produced 6 offspring that survived to maturity
It produced 4 offspring that survived to maturity
it has webbed feet hence lower fertility
the stripes pattern
It produced 2 offspring that made it to maturity
The feet pattern indicate more fertillity
The feet pattern indicate higher fertility
The stripes pattern indicate higher fertility
The feet pattern indicate lower fertility
The stripes pattern indicate lower fertility

201.
It is a healthy reptile and on the younger side so should be better at providing for the young.
Looks young and healthy living in a healthy environment. 
looks young and healthy but has more of a webbed foot and the stripes are different.  Maybe the stripes don't camoflauge as well.
this one looks to young this season so next season will probably be better.
the toes are not webbed and looks fully grown with the stripes on an angle to help with camoflauge
looks like a mature reptile and is thicker through the mouth area.  Good feet and stripes are going around its body
looks on the younger side maybe needs to mature some more before its in good breeding season
looks more like an adolescent so could have babies but would be better to wait for more growth
has the pointy feet, even though the stripes are opposite from what I thought.
has the pointy feet and the stripes are up and right, which I thought were the correct way for a mature reptile.
this reptile has the webbed looking feet which i think means younger.  The stripes are up and to the right
This one has webbed feet so on the younger side but old enough to cycle.  The stripes are down and left not good for camoflauge, need some more maturity.
This one has the pointy feet and the stripes going down and left.  I think its a fully mature reptile
The webbed feet show its younger but the stripes show older so in the middle stage like adolescent
the feet are pointy and the stripes go up and right showing its in the prime of life for breeding.
the webbed feet show young the stripes show young so just need a touch more age to be good but still can be bred

202.
Possibly the stripes?
Again, going to go with the stripes.
Stripes.
Stripes.
I can't identify why this score would be lower.
Again, unsure of the reasoning behind low fertility.
Now I'm unsure if the stripes have anything to do with this.
I have no clue.
Direction of stripes, webbed feet?
Direction of stripes, feet.
The direction of stripes seems to be the main factor.
Possibly having webbed feet helped increase the fertility score.
I'm not certain on this one, it seems the feet are maybe drawing down the score?
Stripe direction and feet are objectively correct on this, I think.
The direction of the stripes and the webbed feet appear to be the reason for infertility.
The stripes direction appears to be more of a driving factor than the feet.

203.
It received a score of 3 because it had 3 offspring survive to maturity
This reptile received an 8 because it had 8 offspring survive to maturity.
This reptile had 6 offspring survive to maturity
this reptile had 6 offspring survive to maturity
it had 8 offspring survive to maturity
this reptile had 6 offspring survive to maturity
this reptile only had two offspring survive to maturity
this reptile has curly toes, upright right stripes and had 5 offspring survive to maturity
this reptile had same stripes as before but rounded toes and had six offspring survive to maturity
This reptile had downward stripes and curly toes and only 4 offspring surivive
downward stripes and curly toes and only 3 offspring survived
downward stripes to the left and curly toes and six offspring
upward stripes and rounded toes led to 5 offspring surviving
downward stripes and rounded toes led to 10 offfspring surviving

204.
four of its offsprings made to maturity 
six out of its total offsprings made it to maturity 
four offsprings made maturing 
itis most fertile 
it is not veryfertile
it is quite fertile 
it is fertile to a great extent 
not very fertile 
seven offsprings made to adulthood 
three offspring made to adulthood 
its quite fertile
one offspring made to adulthood 
very fertile 
3 offspring made mturity
very fertile 
5 offspring made adulthood 

205.
Its feet may allow it to better grip tree limbs and climb higher to safer areas to mate, and its stripes may help camouflage it better, which obviously means it will live longer and have better chances to successfully mate.
It is better able to disguise itself in foliage due to its stripes and its feet are more suited to climbing, which means it is more capable of hiding itself in higher areas where it is safer to mate.
This reptile's stripes help it to blend in with its surroundings better, and its webbed feet may help it traverse small streams, thus enabling it to get away from predators.
Because of its webbed feet, this reptile is less successful at climbing trees to mate at safer heights, despite having good camouflage due to the stripes.
The stripes of this reptile provide better camouflage than other reptiles, but its webbed feet can be a hindrance to escaping predators on land.
This reptile has both camouflaging stripes and claws. The claws allow it to climb higher and be safer from predators and the stripes help conceal it in the trees.
Despite its camouflage and claws, predators are often able to discourage fleeing to safer heights where it could breed more safely.
This reptile has good camouflage but its webbed feet is often a disadvantage to seeking safety at higher parts of the forest.
This reptile's stripes help conceal it at the higher, safer regions of the trees that its claws allow it to climb to.
Despite camouflage that helps other similar reptiles, this reptile's webbed feet are a hindrance to its ability to climb to safety and mate.
Webbed feet have proven to be a weakness of this particular species of reptile, despite otherwise excellent camouflage that other successful reptiles have.
It may be that the direction of the camouflage stripes affects the ability of these reptiles to conceal themselves and reproduce.
This reptile's stripes may set it apart from other striped reptiles. The direction of the stripes mimics the shadows of early and late day, allowing it to blend in better than its more vertical striped brethren.
This webbed-foot reptile has stripes that mimic the early and late day shadows, which may offset the less-effective webbed feet.
The claws of this reptile enable it to climb much higher in the trees, where its more vertical stripes are less of a hindrance.
This reptile's more vertical stripes allowed it to hide better in the lower foliage that it was limited to due to its webbed feet.

206.
This reptile is fertile due to its webbed feet and length
This retile is a 7 due to its stripes
This reptile is a 1 because it has no webed feet
this is a 4 due to its slight webbed feet and legnth 
this is a 4 due to its lightly webbed feet and short length
this is a 5 due to its modderatley webbed feet
This is a 9 due to its almost fully webbed feet
I have no clue why this got a 9 it should be a 2
This is due to no webbed feet but striped back
This is due to striped and webbed feet
This is due to the webbed feet but the stripes are slanted the wrong way
This 10 is due to curved toes and stripes
This is due to no webbed feet but slanted right stripes
This is due to slanted left and webbed feet combo
I have no logic for this one
Due to stripes and pointed toes

207.
The pattern of its stripes help it to blend into its environment. 
The pattern of the stripes did not help it blend in, making it easier to see.

The pattern of stripes helps it to blend into the vegetation.
Vertical stripes to the right helped it blend into its environment.
It’s stripes made it more visible.
It’s environment made the stripes blend into so it was hard to see.
It was in an environment where stripes made it stand out.
It’s stripes were not helpful to survival.
No predators were able to find it.
It’s stripes helped it to blend into the environment.
No vegetation was available for it to hide.
Predators found it easily.
It was well hidden.
It had more predators in its environment.
It blends into it’s environment pretty well.
It blended into its environment.

208.
It has stripes 
It has vertical stripes
It doesn’t have webbed feet
It has vertical stripes and not webbed feet
It has vertical stripes and not webbed feet 
It has horizontal stripes and webbed feet
Different mating season?
Vertical stripes and different mating season
Up-right stripes 
Down left stripes and webbed feet
Down left stripes
Upright stripes
Upright stripes
Curled feet
Down left stripes and webbed feet
Upright stripes in curled feet

209.
The direction of their stripes may be better at helping them be camouflaged from predators and more opportunity
The direction of their stripes might be more noticeable when going to the left
Right direction stripes could provide better blending and their claws could help provide better grip for climbing to safe spots
the claws could offer better chance at survival allowing them to reach more places safe from predators
good fertility score with claws 
claws provide stable environment for fertility 
webbed feet lower the amount of places it could reach 
webbed feet with right direction stripes lower its chances of safety from predators to be fertile
Their claws and direction of stripes
Webbed feet would give them the choice of being on lower ground with more predators 
their webbed feet and direction of stripes
claws give them better chance at survival and safety
different direction but still has claws for better climbing
right direction stripes and webbed feet less effective camouflage and climbing
clawed feet and direction of stripes better combination
left direction stripes may work better with webbed feet than right direction

210.
It has produced many offsprings
Few offsprings
Few offsprings
Many offsprings
Few offspring
Few offspring
Webbed feet
Fees not webbed
Pointy and upward left
webbed and upward right
webbed and upword left
pointy and upward right
Pointy and upward right
webbed and upward right
webbed and upward left
pointy and upward left

211.
It has stripes that go up.
It has the stripes, but its feel look different than the one that scored a ten.
It has the stripes going a different way.
The feet are okay, but the stripes are not.
This one has really pointy feet.
The feet are not as pointed and the stripes are going up.
The stripes are going to the back and the feet are pointed.
The feet are rounder, but the stripes go back.
The feet are webbed and the striped go up and to the right.
The feet are sharp and the stripes go to the left.
The feet are pointed.
The stripes are going up and to the left.
The stripes go up and to the right, but it seems the feet do not matter as much now.
Even though the stripes go up and to the right, the feet are pointed.
The feet are webbed.
The feet are pointed, and the stripes go up and to the left.

212.
Because it had 8 babies live this past breeding cycle? 
Because it had 8 babies live this past breeding cycle?
Because it had 2 babies live this past breeding cycle?
Because it had 6 babies grow to be adults this past breeding cycle?
Because it had 4 kids live to be adults this past season?
Because it had 6 kids live to adulthood this breeding cycle?
It had 7 kids live to adults
4 kids lived to be adults
up left/webbed feet (I did not notice that I was being shown different reptiles before, I thought they were all the same. I didn't catch the differences on my own.)
more fertile than webbed-feet/up left
ugh, I'm confused now...If they have up-left stripes they're less fertile, I think. also pointed toes are less fertile
webbed-feet AND up-right = both fertile gene signals
oh, goshup-left = low fertilitywebbed-feet should be MORE fertile, but it's not...hmm
up-right and webbed feet, very good for fertility in this hypothetical situation
the stripes must mean more than the feet? strips, up right = fertilepointed toes, not fertile
low fertility because up left AND pointed toes

213.
Im not sure yet
Not sure yet.
still no clue
this test is not making any sense
You tell me
This reptile is lucky.
This reptile has stripes
The more stripes the more fertile
webbed toes and upright stripes
pointed toes
webbed toes upper stripes
webbed toes
upper stripes
lower stripes
upper stripes pointed toes
webbed toes and lower stipes

214.
webbed feet and angled stripes
curved feet
stripes to the right
stripes to the right
webbed feet and stripes to the right
curved feet and stripes to the right
stripes to the left
stripes to the left with webbed feet
curved feet stripes to the left
stripes to the right
stripes to the right with webbed feet
stripes to the left
stripes to the right
stripes to the left with curved feet
stripes to the right
webbed feet

215.
Presumably this reptile received a high fertility score due to some physical characteristics. His feet appear to be webbed and his stripes are angled downwards toward his front.
This reptile appears to have webbed feet and a stark upwards angle to its stripes. It's possible that webbed feet may be a signal for fertility
This reptile does not have webbed feet, and that appears to have had a negative effect on its fertility score
This reptile does not have webbed feet, which may have affected its fertility. It is also possible that a steeper stripe angel could be a negative indicator for fertility
This reptile does not have webbed feet, which appears to be a negative indicator for fertility. It's possible the steep angel of its striped may be another negative indicator
This reptile has webbed feet, which appears to be a positive indicator for fertility. It's possible that the slightly steep angle of its stripe may be a very slight hinderance
This reptile has webbed feet, which is typically considered a positive fertility indicator. It's possible that the angle and darkness of the reptiles striped could be a negative indicator
This reptile does not have webbed feet, which typically leads to a lower fertility score
This reptile does not have webbed feet, which is typically a negative indicator for fertility. It's possible the orientation of its stripes may be a factor
This reptile does not have webbed feet and has left-oriented striped. Although it received a relatively middling fertility score, so it is difficult to make any assumptions off of this
Typically webbed feet is an indicator of fertility.
The striped do not appear to be particularly relevant. It seems that webbed feet indicate higher fertility
This reptile has unwebbed feet, which is consistent with a lower fertility score. It's also possible the left orientation of its striped may be a contributing factor here.
This reptile has webbed feet and right-oriented stripes, which would typically both be indicators of high fertility. It's possible that what I currently believe to be fertility indicators may be incorrect.
Webbed feet are possibly indicators of high fertility. The left-oriented stripes have been present in both the highest and lowest fertility reptiles, so the relevance of stripe orientation is inconclusive.
unwebbed feet may be an indicator for low fertility

216.
webbed feet, stripes to the right
stripes to the rightcurly feet
curly feetstripes to the left
stripes to the leftwebbed feet
stripes to the leftcurly feet
stripes to the leftwebbed feet
stripes to the right

stripes to the right
stripes right
webbed feet
stripes right webbed feet
curly feet
stripes left
webbed feetstripes left
stripes right

stripes right

217.
Unable to determine causation based on one reptile. 
Curled toes and up and to the right stripes 
Unable to determine causationBoth reptiles had curled toes so possibly stripes are determining factor. Still unclear at this point
Upward and to left stripes seem to have higher number of matured offspring but still unclear as this one has webbed toes. Slightly lower than curled toes with these stripes
One lower than same stripes with curled toes
Currently curled with striped up to left have the most offspring 
Higher than first reptile with same stripes and toes so possibly different season or no correlation at all
One higher than previous reptile with webbed and stripes up to the right. So again maybe differing season or no correlation at all
One lower offspring than previous curled and stripes up to left. Seasons may differ or no correlation 
Highest offspring with curled toes and up to right. Differing season or leaning toward no correlation 
Last time was 10 with curled toes and striped up to the left. Similar offspring. Unsure of correlation 
3,4, and now 2. No correlation 
7,5, and 7 again with these toes and stripes. No correlation 
3,4, and now 5 with these toes and stripes. No correlation 
10,9,6 with these toes and stripes. No correlation based on toes and stripes it seems
7,5,5 ratings based on these toes and stripes. Unclear and seems more like no correlation between fertility and these features 
4,7,9 scores for reptiles with these toes and stripes. Not seeing direct relationship between score and toes and stripes

218.
it has a higher number of stripes 
has a high number of stripes 
has a high number of stripes 
it has non webbed toes
it has non webbed toes
it has webbed toes so it scored higher 
it has to many stripes and webbed toes 
it doesn’t have webbed toes 
it’s feet and direction of stripes 
it has left stripes
it has left stripes 
it has right stripes 
it has right stripes
it has right stripes
it has messed up feet
it has left stripes and good feet

219.
It has has strips going right to left 
Left to right stripes 
Webbed feet 
Webbed feet and stripes left to right 
Curly feet right to left stripes 
Webbed feet with stripes right to left
Webbed feet with right to left stripes 
Curly feet right to left stripes 
Curly feet and stripes left to right 
Webbed feet stripes down
Strips up and curly feet 
Webbed feet and stripes up
Stripes down and curly feet 
Webbed feet and down stripes 
Down strips and curly feet 
Down strips and webbed feet 

220.
right stripes and non-webbed feet
right stripes and nonwebbed feet
left stripes
left stripes
nonwebbed feet
nonwebbed feet
nonwebbed feet
right stripes
curly feet
webbed feet
webbed feet
curly feet
curly feet
webbed feet
webbed feet
curly feet

221.
diagonal stripes, curly (?) toes
diagonal stripes from upper left to bottom right, webbed toes
should have been more fertile, environmental factors?
more fertile - curly toes
webbed toes - not as fertile?
same as first reptile that had fertility of 7. other factors?
webbed toes
curly feet
these stripes and curly feet seem to be the golden combo
webbed feet
curly feet
webbed feet
curly feet, but not as fertile
curly feet
webbed feet but still fertile
webbed toes

222.
This reptile was that fertile because of the stripes from left to right.
This reptile has claws which made it more fertile.
This reptile has reverse stripes, which made it more fertile.
This reptile has claws with reverse stripes, which made it not very fertile.
This reptile had stripes and claws, which made it more fertile.
This reptile had reverse stripes and claws, making it very fertile
This reptile has stripes and webbed feet, making it more fertile.
This reptile has reverse stripes and webbed feet, making it not very fertile.
This reptile has stripes and webbed feet, making it very fertile.
This reptile has reverse stripes and webbed feet, making it less fertile.
This reptile has reverse stripes and claws, making it not very fertile.
This reptile has stripes and claws, making it more fertile
This reptile has stripes and webbed feet, making it very very fertile.
This reptile has reverse stripes and clawed feet, making it a little fertile.
This reptile has reverse stripes and webbed feet, making it not very fertile
This reptile has stripes and claws, making it very fertile

223.
This reptile has stripes that will attract a mate.
This reptile has daker stripes that may be difficult to attract a mate.
This reptile has moderately colored stripes that may help to attract a mate.
This reptiles stripes are perpendicular to its head.
This reptiles stripes are darker in color.
This reptiles stripes are vertical.
This reptiles stripes are vertical.
This reptiles stripes are lighter in color.
This reptiles stripes are up to the right, and therefore receives a lower score.
This reptile has webbed feet.
This reptile has webbed feet, but stripes up to the left.
This reptile has clawed feet.
This reptile has clawed feet and stripes up to the right.
This reptile has clawed feet and stripes up to the left.
This reptile has clawed feet.
This reptile has webbed feet.

224.
stripe and web
stripe
not webbed 
stripes and webbed
stripes go down and webbed
stripes go right
stripes go right and not webbed
stripes go down and not webbed
stripes down
stripes to the right and not webbed
stripes down and webbed
stripes to the right
stripes down
not webbed and stripes to the right
stripes to the right and webbed feet
stripes down and webbed feet

225.
The stripes are almost vertical making it hard to blend in, which makes it’s life shorter
The stripes are more horizontal, making for easier blending in
The stripes now match a new environment or area where they lay eggs, blending better, more chance of survival
The color seems lighter, they also found a new spot where blending is better
The toes look less sharp and the vertical stripes make it hard to blend
Stripes blend better that direction and the sharp claws make for better protection and faster climbing
The lack of claws make it hard to run away or defend themselves or babies
Claws are better for climbing and defense, the stripes blend better in the higher environment like trees
The backewards stripes are better for blending on the ground or in water, webbed feet would make them quicker in that environment 

Vertical stripes are hard to blend in water and webbed feet cant climb to hide or run
Claws help to climb, run and defend. Stripes make blending easier
Claws have helped with climbing trees so blending in a vertical environment is earier
Webbed feet make swimming faster, backwards stripes blend better in water
Vertical stripes and claws help in the new environment but still learning
Vertical stripes and webbed feet mean they are in between learning/growing/evolutionary stages
Backwards stripes blend well and claws makes them better predators and have better defense

226.
This reptile presents with stripes that move up and to the left, and webbed feet. The Fertility score of this reptile is reported as 8.It cannot be determined why the Fertility score is 8 and not another number.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the left, and curly feet.The reported Fertility score for this reptile is 8.It cannot be determined why the reported Fertility score is 8 and not another number.
This reptile presents with stripes moving up and to the right, and with curvy feet.The Fertility score for this reptile is 2. It cannot be determined why the reported Fertility score is 2 and not another number.
This reptile presents with stripes that are upward and to the right, and has webbed feet.The reported Fertility score for this reptile is 2.It cannot be determined why the Fertility score is 2 and not another number based on the information we have.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the right, and has curvy feet. The reported Fertility for this reptile is 5.It cannot be determined why this reptile has a Fertilty score of 5 using only the information we are given.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the right, and has webbed feet.The reported Fertility score is 1. It cannot be determined why the Fertility score is 1 and not another number using only the information we are given here.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the left, and has curvy feet.The reported Fertility score is 4.It cannot be determined why the reported Fertility score is 4 and not another number using only the information we have here.
This reptile present with stripes pointing up and to the left, and has webbed feet.The reported Fertility score is 10.It cannot be determined why the Fertility score is 10 and not another number using only the information we have here.
This reptile has stripes pointing up and to the right, and has webbed feet.The reported Fertility is 1.It cannot be determined reliably why the Fertility is 1 and not another number using only the information we have here.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the right, and has curvy feet.The reported Fertility score is 4.It cannot be reliably determined why the Fertility score is 4 and not another number using only the information we have here.
This reptile present with stripes pointing up and to the left, and has curvy feet.The reported Fertility score is 9.It cannot be reliably determined why the Fertility score is 9 and not another number using only the information we have here.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the left, and has webbed feet.The reported Fertility score is 10.It cannot be reliably determined why the Fertility score is 10 and not another number using only the information we have here.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the right, and has curvy feet.The reported Fertility score is 4.It cannot be reliably determined why the Fetility score is 4 and not another number using only the information we have here.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the left, and has webbed feet.The reported Fertility is 7.It cannot be reliably determined why the Fertility is 7 and not another number using only the information we have here.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the left, and has curvy feet.The reported Fertility is 8.It cannot be reliably determined why the Fertility score is 8 and not another number using only the information we have here.
This reptile presents with stripes pointing up and to the right, and has webbed feet. The reported Fertility score is 1.It cannot be reliably determined why the Fertility is 1 and not another number using only the information we have here.

227.
webbed feet
webbed feet
curly feet
stripes down
stripes down and webbed feet
stripes going down
stripes
webbed feet and stripes
stripes going down
webbed feet
pointy feet, stripes going across
webbed feet 
stripes going down and pointy feet
webbed feet,stripes going down
pointy feet stripes going across
webbed feet

228.
This species does not have webbed feet.
This reptile has webbed feet.
This reptile´s stripes lean right.
This reptile´s stripes lean left.
This repitle´s stripes lean left.
This reptile´s stripes lean right.
This reptile´s stripes lean left.
This reptile´s stripes lean right.
The stripes lean right.
The stripes lean right.
The stripes lean left.
The stripes lean left.
The stripes lean left.
The stripes lean right.
The stripes lean right but it has webbed feet.
The stripes lean left.

229.
maybe green is higher
webbed
webbed and right angled is lower
right angled is lower
left angled is low
earlier it was 3, 
left long is 5
i dont know
this combo has varied alot
webbed would be lower
webbed is lower
again webbed is lower, i think right webbed is lower than left webbed
higher than it should be
webbed left maybe is low
im confusing myselfleft and long may be high
same as before but the drection didn't matter

230.
Stripes to right; webbed feet. (sorry accidentally skipped first question)
Stripes to right; feet
Stripes to left
stripes to right; webbed feet
stripes to left
stripes to right
stripes to left
right stripes
left stripes
right stripes
left stripes
right stripes
left stripes
left stripes but webbed feet
right stripes

231.
Scales go up and to the right. The feet are webbed.
The stripes go up and to the left.The feet are curly.
The stripes go up and to the right but the feet arecurly.
Stripes go up and to the left. The feet are webbed leading tobetter fertility. 
The stripes go up to the left and the feetare webbed so fertility is better.
The stripes go to the right.The feet are curly so fertility is lower. 
The feet are curly so fertility is lower. 
The feet are webbed which is usuallybetter fertility but the stripes go to the rightwhich are usually worse. 
It received this score because the feet are webbed. 
It received this score because the feet are webbed.The stripes also go left. 
The feet are curly and stripes go to the right. This reptile is an anomoly. 
The feet are curved/straight which leads to lower fertility. 
The feet are straight. 
Straight/curly feet means lower fertility usually. 
The feet are webbed indicating better fertility. 
The feet are webbed and the stripesgo left which is usually better fertility. 

232.
Good question. Not much data.
This lizard is the exact opposite of the last one, perhaps both different traits explain it.
The toes, which I'm assuming are webbed, are now correlating with higher fertility.
The toes, which are curly, also seem to be correlated with lower fertility.
The curly toes continue to indicate low fertility.
Web toes, once again correlate with higher fertility.
Oddly enough, this one seems to be breaking the previous trend. Perhaps I'm underlooking the importance of directional stripes
Low web toes here, we're breaking the trend recently. Maybe it's an outlier
Web toes theory gains a bit of new evidence
Web toes are part of the highest fertility rate seen so far, and direction of stripes has been variable. I choose the toes
Curly with the lowest fertility rate seen in the 2nd part
Web toes with a decent showing here
Maybe the right-pointing stripes matter more than I thought. They are correlated with higher fertility rates recently, more than I expected them to be
More evidence that it's the right-lean, and not the toes, that is responsible for mega-hits such as a 10 fertility rate
Curly toes + left stripes = lower fertility rate

233.
The stripes go up to the right
The stripes go to the left
The feet are not webbed
The feet are webbed and stripes go to the right
The feet are not webbed
The feet are webbed
The feet are webbed and stripes to the right
The feet are not webbed
Webbed feet
stripes to the left
webbed and stripes to the left
pointy feet
pointy feet
webbed feet
pointy and stripes to the left
webbed and left stripes

234.
The reptile has stripes
The season is changed
Different season or reptile is old
Reptile is young or season is good
Change of season, different age
Good season to mate, young
Bad season, old reptile
Good season, maybe a little old reptile
up right stripes, straight feet
up right stripes, webbed feet
horizontal stripes, webbed feet
horizontal stripes, skinny feet
horizontal stripes, webbed feet
up right stripes, webbed feet
horizontal stripes, straight feet
up right stripes, straight feet 

235.
Stripes angles down to the left
Stripes angle down to the right
Stripes angle down to the left with straight toes
Toes are curly
Curly toes and stripes down to the right
Stripes down to the left and flat toes
Stripes down to the left
Straight toes
Down right striping
Down left striping
Down left stripes
Curly toes
Webbed toes and down right striping
Curly toes and down left stripes
Down left stripes
Curly toes

236.
The reptile looks content.
The reptile looks content.
The reptile looks happy.
There is no visible reason.
He looks content.
He looks content.
No visible reason.
No visible reason.
Because of his face. It looks content.
No visible reason. Looks like the same reptile.
No reason, looks the same in the face.
Looks content and happy.
Looks like the same reptile. Happy face.
Same reptile, happy, content.
Same reptile, no reason.
Same reptile, no reason.

237.
Bright colors, curled feet
Webbed feet, perhaps made it harder to access more mates per season
Webbed feet, potentially struggled with attracting mates
Curled toes, slightly easier to climb and find slightly more mates
Curled toes, easier to climb trees, hide and survive longer to attract more mates per season
Webbed feet, hard to climb and stay in tree canopies
Curled toes, but low fertility compared to usual pattern, environmental factors must be considered
Webbed feet, typically showing low fertility scores, not ideal for tree climbing lizard?
Curled feet, good stripe pattern, ideal type of lizard and more attractive to mates per season
Webbed feet, trait that is not successful with mates
Webbed feet and less prominent shade of green
Ideal stripe pattern, curled toes also ideal
Webbed toes usually decrease fertility score, so this is an outlier so far for reasons unknown
Also outlier for curled toe species, low score reasons unknown, could be stripes
Low score reasons unknown, could be in a region that prefers other genetics
Webbed feet and low fertility score again, reasons unknown

238.
It has lots of stripes and webbed feed
It does not have webbed feet but lots of stripes
It has lots of stripes and no webbed feet
It has less distinct stripes and webbed feet
It has less distinct stripes but webbed feet
It doesn't have webbed feet
It doesn't have webbed feet and less stripes
It has webbed feet
It has webbed feet and upright stripes
it has webbed feet and up left stripes
It has rounded claws and up left stripes
it has up right stripes and curved toes
It has up left stripes and curved toes
it has up left stripes and webbed feet
It has up right stripes and curved toes
It has up left stripes and webbed feet

239.
This reptile may be too brightly colored green.
His claws may be too sharp
Grippy feet allows this reptile to be able to traverse into different terrain to possibly breed successfully. 
Low fertility score possible because of sharp claws
Higher fertility score because the stripes on the reptile appear darker and possibly more appealing to mates. 
Higher fertility score because of the darker vertical stripes on the reptile. 
Lower fertility score because of the sharp claws and horizontal stripes
Maybe the horizontal stripes aren't as appealing as a trait to the mates
Clawed feet and horizontal stripes
Webbed feet and vertical stripes
Webbed feet and horizontal stripes
Clawed feet and vertical stripes
Clawed feet and horizontal stripes
Clawed feet and vertical stripes
Webbed feet and horizontal stripes
Webbed feet and vertical stripes

241.
Lines up and to the left
Non webbed feed
Webbed feet
Same as the first one different season
Webbed feet
Webbed feet
Non webbed feet
Non webbed feet
Webbed feet
Webbed feet
Non webbed feet
Non webbed feet
Non webbed feet
Webbed feet
Non webbed feet
Webbed feet

242.
It has webbed feed and the stripes are angled up and to the left which cover the body.
The toes are curled and the stripes are going up to the right.
The toes are webbed and the stripes go up to the right.
The toes are curled and the stripes go up to the left.
Although the toes are webbed and the stripes go up to the left, this has a low score probably due to having a different mating season.
The toes are curled and the stripes are going upward to the left.  It is different fertility score than the other same featured reptile due to the season.
The toes are curled and the stripes are going up to the right.  The fertility score is lower due to different season.
The feet are webbed and the vertical stripes are going up to the right.  It is similar in fertility as previous webbed/right stripe due to showing the same season, or having a similar season.
The toes are webbed and the stripes are going to the right.  The stripes going up right is what is contributing to the low fertility rate.
It has webbed feet and strips going up and left.  Stripes going up and left gives it a decent score of 6.
The feet are curled and the vertical stripes are going to right.
The toes are curled and the vertical stripes are going to the left.  The curled toes are giving it a higher score than the webbed footed one this season.
The feet are webbed and the vertical stripes are going up to the right.  It has a lower score than the other right going striped due to having web feet.
Vertical stripes going to the right with curled feet.  This could mean that the lower score than previous is due to different season.
Vertical stripes going to the left, has webbed feet.  
Curled feet and vertical stripe going to the left.  Lower score than the one with the web feet.

243.
It may be related to the season, its stripes, or foot type.
It’s feet are webbed rather than separated.
It has separated feet.
It is slightly higher because of its webbed toes.
Its feet are webbed, and its stripes go from right to left.
Its stripes are in the opposite direction, and its toes are separated.
It is slightly higher because of its stripes, and the season.
It has webbed feet and it is peak season for fertility.
Its stripes go from left to right, and its toes are separate.
Its feet are webbed.
The season is off peak.
Its stripes go from right to left. And it is peak season.
Its feet are webbed.
It has separate toes and stripes going from left to right.
Same, stripes going from left to right, and toes are separate.
This score is slightly better because of its webbed toes.

244.
I think the reptile received a fertility score of 2 because of its webbed feet or the direction of its stripes.
The reptile may have received a high fertility score because of its curly feet, its stripe direction or a combination of both features.
This reptile received a score of five possibly because of its curly feet, its angled up-right stripes or a combination of both.
This reptile received a high fertility possibly because of its webbed feet and stripe direction or both may contribute to the higher fertility.
The reptile may have received a high score mainly  because of its stripe direction or its curly feet or a combination of both.
The reptile may have received a low fertility score because of the combination of its webbed feet and the stripe direction.
The stripe direction mainly contributes to the low fertility score of the reptile.
The combination of the stripe direction and the webbed feet has largely contributed to the high fertility score.
The reptile has a low fertility because of the stripe direction and webbed feet.
The reptile has low fertility score mainly because of the webbed feet.
The reptile has a higher fertility score because of the curly feet.
The stripe direction has contributed to the high fertilty score.
The low fertility score may have been caused by change in seasons for the reptile.
The fertility score has reduced because of the webbed feet.
The fertility score is low because of the stripe direction.
The fertility has improved because of the webbed feet.

245.
Not showing any signs of fertility. She might be old in age.
Young, bright. At her prime
Bright, physical at a prime.
Old in age, physical not as it used to be.
not as fertile because old age, not at their prime.
Middle aged, probably has kids already so not as prime for fertility
Young and primed for fertility.
not as fertile because no webbed feet and downward line.
upright on reptile skin
upright scale and webbed feet
downward left on scale and webbed feet
upright line skin and webbed feet
downward line and webbed feet 
upright line and pointy toes 
pointy toes and downward line

246.
No webbed feet
Stripes to the left
Stripes to the right
Stripes to the left
Stripes to the left
Stripes to the left
Stripes to the right
Stripes to the right
Stripes to the left
Stripes to the right
Webbed feet
Webbed feet
Webbed feet
Webbed feet
Stripes to the left
Stripes to the right

247.
I have no previous data so at this time I can not explain why 
I would say the webbed feet in comparison to the first one
Curly feet and stripped pattern.
Webbed feet seems to result in higher fertility 
The curly feet seem to lower fertility
Although webbed feet the stripped pattern differs from others having higher fertility 
The curly feet
Webbed feet and pattern have shown in the past to show higher fertility 
Curly feet
Curly feet and pattern
Webbed feet shown in past to have higher fertility 
Both webbed feet and pattern shown to have higher fertility 
Curly feet is the reason for low fertility 
Webbed feet is the reason for high fertility 
Webbed feet is the reason for the higher fertility 
I would say the pattern here would be the main reason for the higher fertility 

248.
reptile has non webbed feet that curl.has stripes that go up and to the rightas far as fertility this reptile was middle of the road
this reptile has the same non-webbed feetthe stripes are now going up and to the leftthe fertility went down
This reptile has stripes going up and to the left as well as webbed feet. the fertility has continued to go down.
This reptile has webbed feet but the stripes go up and to the right. the fertility has gone up which leads me to believe that the reptile with stripes going up and to the left has less fertility than those going up and to the right.
Once again this reptile has webbed feet and stripes going up and to the left and it continues to lose fertility.
this reptile has the highest fertility so far and it has stripes going up and to the right as well as non webbed feet.
It appears that if the reptile has stripes going up and to the right it will be more fertile. Now this reptile has webbed toes as well which leads me to believe that which way the stripes are going indicate fertility rather than the feet.
This proves my thought. This reptile has stripes going up and to the left and feet that are not webbed and has the lowest amount of fertility so far.
This is another example of a reptile with stripes going up and to the right and being more fertile.
This reptile has stripes going up and to the left and has a significantly lower fertility rate.
This reptile has stripes going up and to the right and a higher fertility rate just like the other reptiles with the same stripe pattern.
this reptiles stripes are going up and to the left and once again has a far lower level of fertility. 
This reptile is unique. Even though it has stripes going up and to the left is actually has a higher fertility rate then the others. making this reptile stand out
This reptile has one of the highest rates of fertility and its stripes are going up and to the right
Another example of a lower fertility rate for a reptile with stripes going up and to the left.
This reptile has stripes going up and to the right. Now the rest of the reptiles with stripes like this have higher fertility rates this ones is a little lower than the rest. 

249.
this reptile likely received a fertility score of 7 because it appears healthy and well developed which are signs of good reproductive potential.
Because it shows all the key signs of peak health and reproductive fitness it appears vibrant with bright coloration
it shows some positive signs of health and reproductive ability but not at the highest level 
these traits can indicate poor health or lower chance of successful reproduction
because it show strong signs of health and productive potential
it shows very strong signs of health and reproductive fitness 
it appears neither weak nor in peak condition
it shows very limited signs of good health
Because it have lower fertility than mammals per individual
because the have high fertility they lay clutches of multiple eggs at once
because healthy adult lizards can reproduce well and lay many eggs
they have a very high reproductive potential, a healthy adult female can lay mulitiple cluches of eggs
there is no signs of reproduction 
this fertility looks low based just on the picture
a healthy adult like this one would have strong reproductive potential 
they have a group decent reproduction potential since they lay multiple eggs

250.
This reptile appears healthy based on vibrant color and alertness.
No webbing means more fertile.
Webbed feet might mean less fertile.
Fertility is higher with webbed feet.
This is the highest fertility so far; unsure why.
Fertility is pretty high due to webbed feet perhaps.
Fertility is low despite webbed feet. Reptile has stripes, which may cause it to be less fertile.
No webbed feet and stripes means less fertile.
Stripes up left means higher fertility.
Stripes up right means low fertility.
Stripes up right means lower fertility.
Stripes up left and webbed feet means higher fertility.
Stripes up right and webbed feet means high fertility.
Webbed feet sometimes helps with higher fertility.
Pointed feet means lower fertility.
Stripes up left means high fertility.

251.
Striped lines going up and to the left. 
Striped lines going up and to the right. 
Striped lines going up and to the right. 
A different season has made this one with striped lines up and to the left more fertile. 
A different season has made this reptile with striped lines up and to the left less fertile. 
Striped lines up and to the right. 
Striped lines up and to the left in its fertile season. 
Striped lines up and to the right in its fertile season
Striped lines up and too the left is very fertile. 
Striped lines up and to the right are not fertile in this season. 
Striped up and to the right are fertile in this season. 
Striped lines up and to the left are not very fertile in this season. 
Stripes up and to the right are not very fertile in this season. 
Stripes up and to the left are partially fertile. 
Stripes up and to the left are partially fertile. 
Stripes up and to the right are very fertile. 

252.
angled lines
webbed feet
more lines
angled right lines
angled left lines
angled right lines
angled left and web
angled right and webbed
angled left
webbed feet and angled
right angle
right angle, curly
webbed
curly
webbed
angled right

253.
The reptile has stripes up and to the left and it has curly feet.
The reptile has webbed feet and strips up and to the right
The webbed feet appear to make the reptile less fertile.
The stripes that go up and to the right might make them more fertile
The stripes that go up and to the right along with webbed feet seem to help fertility 
This reptile has stripes that go up and to the right with webbed feet but for some reasson they were not very fertile.
This reptile has average fertility with webbed feet and stripes that go up and to the left. Not sure why the fertility isn't higher. 
This reptile has low fertility because the stripes go up and to the left. 
This reptile has webbed feet and stripes that go up and to the left which may both be associated with lower fertility . 
This reptile has curly feet and stripes that go up and to the right both are associated with higher fertility. 
This reptile has webbed feet which lowers fertility. 
This reptile has stripes that go up and to the left which is associated with lower fertility.. 
This reptile has both traits that are associated with fertility. Curly feet and stripes that go up and to the right. 
This reptile has webbed feet and stripes that go up and to the left which are both associated with lower fertility
This reptile has curly feet which is associated with higher fertility 
This reptile has webbed feet which is associated with lower fertility 

254.
Pointy feet
Webbed feet 
Webbed feet with light stripes 
Pointy feet with dark stripes 
Webbed feet with light stripes 
Webbed feet with dark stripes 
Pointy feet with light stripes 
Pointy feet with dark stripes 
Pointy feet and left stripes 
Webbed feet and right stripes 
Webbed feet and left stripes 
Pointy feet and right stripes 
Pointy feet and right stripes
Webbed and right stripes 
Webbed feet and left stripes 
Pointy feet and left stripes 

255.
Perhaps the stripes make it less attractive to mates so it doesn't breed much

Because the stripes point more upward, the reptile is more fertile
I'm not sure now, maybe stripes are irrelevant.
Because of it's more horizontal stripes and geographic location
Because of it's stripes
Because of it's stripes and moderate fertility
I'm not sure
Unsure because it looks the same as the last one
Because of it's toes and stripes?
Because it has opposite toes and stripes than the last one
It has somewhat horizontal stripes and curved toes
it has upward stripes and pointy toes
upward stripes and pointed toes
horizontal stripes and round toes are good for fertility
pointy toes are bad for fertility
rounded toes are better for fertility 

256.
Based on the number of offspring it produced
This reptile produced more offspring
This reptile produced less offspring, his claws are less pointy
This one also has less pointy claws, but must have produced more off spring
This one looks the same as the last.  Less pointy claws but more offspring
This on has pointier claws, but less off spring
This is the same as the last one
This one has dull claws and produced less offspring
Pointy claws, right to left stripes
webbed claws, left to right stripes
right to left stripes have higher fertility scores
left to right stripes but pointier claws bring the score up
right to left stripes and pointy claws
left to right stripes and webbed feet
webbed feet and right to left stripes
left to right stripes and pointy claws

257.
Because of the webbed feet and the stripes on their back.
The striped body once again is good and the claws are better than webbed feet.
Just like the prior reptile it has the exact same features and would be better at surviving in its environment.
Similar to the prior, the main difference is the webbed feet that will not be beneficial in its environment.
While it is similar to the prior one, the clawed feet help it in its environment but I am not sure what else bumped it up from an 8 to a 9.
Webbed feet.
Webbed feet and small body.
Claws and larger body.
up right stripes and webbed feet
up right and clawed
up left and clawed
up left and webbed
up right and clawed
up left and clawed
up left and webbed
up right and webbed

258.
Stripes are angled up and to the right. Feet appear to be webbed
Stripes are up and to the right
Stripes are up and to the left 
Stripes are up and to the leftHs very webbed feet
Stripes are up and to the right and webbed feet
Stripes are up and to the left and no webbed feet
Stripes are up and left webbed feet
Stripes are up and to right feet are curled
Stripes are up and rightCurled feet
Stripes up and left webbed feet
Curled feetYo and left 
Up and right web feet
Up and left  curled feet
Striped up and left and web feet
Stripes up and right webbed feet
Stripes up and right webbed feet

259.
Reptiles with stripes up and to the right along with curly feet are less fertile. 
Reptiles with webbed feet are more fertile.
Reptiles with curly feet are less fertile than those with webbed feet. 
Reptiles with webbed feet are more fertile. 
Reptiles with curly feet are less fertile
Reptiles with webbed feet are more fertile, stripe direction doesn't matter. 
Reptiles with webbed feet are more fertile, but fertility can very by season. 
Reptiles with curly feet are less fertile
Reptiles with curved feet are less fertile than ones with webbed feet. 
Low fertility due to curved feet
High fertility occurs in reptiles with webbed feet
Reptiles with webbed feet have high fertility rates
Fertility varies by season.  Overall curved feet reptiles have low fertility
Fertility varies by season, overall webbed footed reptiles have high fertility rates
Webbed footed reptiles have high rates
This is an outlier, this reptile has higher than normal fertility for a curved footed reptile

260.
received that score because fertility was low but not nonextistent
received that score because in this case ferlity was successful 
In this case fertility was not good the reptile condition were not the best
it look like a completely strped reptile in good condition
It look like someting happen in the living conditions of this reptile thats why the score is less
This type of reptile had a good breeding season conditions was good
Excelents breeding conditions 
As shows before is this case was not successfull for this type of reptiles
Because of the strips of the reptiles is considering that is one with higher probability to have a high fertility
Horinzontal strips means less fertility probabilities
The conditions of the reptile were good that other breeding seasons
This tipy of reptile has a intermediate breeding score
Reptile with round have this probability of fertility
This reptile has pointed limbs
It has pointed limbs but the strips are in horiontal directions
It has vertical strips but round legs

261.
not enough data to draw a conclusion
not enough data to draw a conclusion
possibly un-webbed toes
unwebbed toes + upward stripes
unwebbed toes + upward stripes
webbed toes
downward stripes + webbed toes
unwebbed toes
pointy toes
webbed toes
webbed toes
pointy toes
pointy toes
pointy toes
webbed toes
webbed toes

262.
Because it's smaller and its stripes are diagonal
Because its feet are different shaped
The diagonal direction of the stripes are different
Its feet are different shaped
It has both different shaped feet and then different running stripes
The webbing on the feet are not optiaml
It's feet webbint are not optimal
The direction of the stripes and feet shape
its stripes are the right direction
its stripes are right but feet shape is incorrect
it is optimal in shape of feet and stripe direction
too high of a number as feet shape is wrong
too low of a number as stripes and feet are correct
only has the right stripes
mid-balance as stripes and feet are correct
low as the feet shape are wrong

264.
This 
This reptile is striped and has a straight tail 
The feet are webbed 
It is striped and has webbed feet 
It has stripes on it 
It does not have webbed feet 
The feet are webbed and has stripes 
It has webbed feet 
The stripes are different 
Webbed feet and stripes
The stripes make it more fertile 
It doesn’t have webbed feet and the stripes are different 
It has different stripes 
The feet are not webbed 
The stripes are different 
It does not have webbed feet 

265.
It has curved toes
It has stripes
It has stripes and webbed toes
It has stripes and pointy toes
It has webbed feet and lighter color
It has stripes and pointy toes
It has stripes and pointy toes
It has lighter stripes and webbed toes
Stripes upright and webbed toes
Stripes downward and curved toes
Stripes downward and webbed toes
Stripes upward and curved toes
Dark upward stripes and curved toes
Downward stripes and curved toes
Downward stripes and webbed toes
Upward stripes and webbed toes

266.
stripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the right
webbed feet stripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the right
had a better season
stripes up and to the left
stripes up and to the right webbed feet
stripes up and to the left
stripes up and to left lower season
stripes up and to left
stripes up and to right
stripes up and to right
stripes up and to right
stripes up and to left
stripes up and to right
stripes up and to left

267.
Because his feet are webbed
Because his stripes go up and to the left
Because his feet are webbed and his stripes go up and to the right.
Because his feet are webbed
Because his stripes do not go to the right
Because his stripes do not go to the left
Because he has webbed feet
Because his feet are webbed and his stripes go up and to the left.
Because his feet are pointy
Because his feet are webbed
Because his feet are webbed and pointy
Because his feet are webbed and not pointy
Because his feet are pointy and his stripes go up and to the left 
Because his stripes went up and to the right
Because his stripes went up and to the right and his feet are webbed and pointy
Because his feet are webbed and not pointy

268.
This reptile received a high fertility score because of its non-webbed feet and right-leaning stripes, both features which aided to its reproductive success.
This reptile received a low fertility score because its features, including left-leaning stripes and webbed feet hindered its reproductive success.
This reptile received a more moderate fertility score because of its non-webbed feet (which helped increase its score) and its left-leaning stripes (which hindered its score).
This reptile earned a relatively high fertility score because of its right-leaning stripes (which increased its score). However, its webbed feet is the trait that prevented its score from being higher.
This reptile earned a higher fertility score than it had in the past because its surrounding environment and/or population underwent some kind of change, making the previous traits there were detrimental to its score (left-leaning stripes and webbed feet) now beneficial to its score.
This reptile received a low fertility score because its left-leaning stripes and non-webbed feet provided no reproductive or survival advantage.
This reptile eared a high fertility score because of its right-leaning stripes and non-webbed feet. These traits directly contributed to its reproductive success.
This reptile's webbed feet prevented its fertility score from being higher.
This reptile earned a low fertility score mainly due to its webbed feet. 
This reptile earned a high fertility score because of its right-pointing stripes.
This reptile earned a moderate fertility score because of its combination of right-pointing stripes and pointy feet.
This reptile earned a high fertility score because of its left-pointing stripes.
This person earned a low fertility score because of its combination of webbed feet and right-pointing stripes.
This reptile earned a low fertility score because of its combination of webbed feet and left-pointing stripes.
This reptile earned a low fertility score because of its pointy feet.
This reptile earned a higher fertility score mainly because of its right-pointing stripes.

269.
The webbed toes are not efficient for a tree habitat 
The stripes may not have blended well with it’s environment 
It’s toes and stripe pattern are compatible with its environment allowing all offspring to survive to maturity 
The reptiles webbed toes are not compatible with its environment 
The reptile’s pattern and toes are not compatible in its environment. It’s offspring only have a 50% chance of making it to maturity 
The reptiles pattern likely does not camouflage well in its environment 
The reptiles toes are better adapted to its environment allowing for its off spring to mostly survive to maturity 
The reptiles stripe pattern and toes are very well adapted to the environment. The pattern most likely camouflages well with its surroundings and the curly toes are ideal for its habitat. 
The reptile’s stripe pattern and toes are not ideal for its environment. The offspring only have a 60% chance of survival until maturity 
The stripe pattern is ideal for its environment. The curly toes are best suited as well. 
The webbed toes are not suited for its environment. 
The webbed toes and strips pattern are not compatible with its environment 
The stripe pattern is ideal for its environment but the webbed toes are not 
The reptile doesn’t have ideal features for its environment 
The stripe pattern and curled toes are moderately adequate for its environment.
The curled toes are ideal for its environment but the stripe pattern may hinder its ability to camouflage 

270.
This reptile has stripes angled up to the right and webbed feet so it had relatively high fertility (greater than 5)
This reptile has curly feet so it is less fertile. The stripes angled up to the right help it be semi fertile though.
This reptile has same fertility as the first with stripes angled down and curly feet. It might be possible that the combo of angled down stripes and curly feet equal fertility of combo of angled up stripes and webbed feet.
Angled down and webbed feet reptile is so far the most fertile. From a biological standpoint maybe the angled down stripes offer greater camouflage in South American climate so it can get more nutrients and generate more offspring. Or if it swims for food, the webbed feet might allow it to get more food and have more nutrients.
Angled down stripes and curly feet are offering high fertility- not as high as webbed feet. I think angled stripes up the left are offering more camouflage. It could be possible that curly feet allow the reptile to dig better to hide its eggs in the ground.
Angled up to the right plus curly give is moderate fertility. I think that this could be due to curly feet. It might allow this reptile to dig better. I do think that the angled up to the right is reducing fertility vs. up to left. 
Stripes up to the left and webbed feet now giving a score of a 6. I think curly feet might allow digging so the webbed feet could be reducing this reptile's fertility. 
Up to the right reduce fertility and webbed feet reduce fertility so this score makes sense. Could be due to less digging capabilities and poorer camouflage.
Up to left is important so that increases fertility. The feet are webbed so that decreases it slightly. 
I hypothesize that up to the right decreases fertility and curvy feet increase it. Since this reptile has up to right stripes it's driving it down.
As hypothesized, curvy feet and up to the left stripes are combo that increases fertility the most. This could be due to better camouflage and digging.
This reptile has stripes up to right and webbed feet so poor fertility.
Up to the right but curved feet and it is achieving a better than 5 outcome. This could be due to curved feet.
Up to left stripes and curved feet are giving a high fertility as expected. 
Up to the right and webbed feet seem to produce the lower fertility scores. This could be due to how the reptile hunts, hides, and avoids predators.
Up to the left and webbed feet giving a very high score. Possibly this mating season was rainy so the webbed feet helped this particular reptile.

271.
I belive it is because this reptile is lower and accessible to other mates and is striped and colorful.
I think it is because maybe this reptile can easy slither away and makes it hard to be caught and to mate with 
Because this is an alusive creature. One that can hide like the background that it is in front of and does not like to mate
I believe depending what time of season it is, the reptile is more prone to be willing to mate
The fertility score of 7 is due to the fact that the reptile when reproducing, can lay hundreds of eggs at a time and get pregnant as soon as these eggs are hatch. The reptile can mate multiple times in a season.
I feel that a score of 5 would be because it would be harder to get pregnant due to some medical complication or injury or the reptile not willing to reproduce.
The reptile might be too old and just not be scientifically able to mate due to age and bodily functions
This reptile may have a high tolerance for reproducing and have several different mates and be able to produce cycle of eggs back to back.
I feel that with the curved pointy feet as well as the line pattern on this reptile, this score would only be this low if the reptile was not in heat and not willing to reproduce due to some medical ailment.
This is a perfect specimen with the highest fertility number possible. Perfect in every way.
This reptile may be able to reproduce half the number of babies that is expected. She may lay eggs and then not be able to and then skip a cycle and then lay eggs but not produce as much as she should.
This reptile is not producing at all. She may lay eggs once and only lay one or two eggs and out of the two, they may not live. She may not get pregnant again for years
This reptile is still of age and can only produce sometimes, but cannot get pregnant like she should and does not bring all of her eggs to full term.
This reptile is probably to old and can not produce or if she can. most of them do not live and she is not able to get pregnant easy.
This reptile is producing above average and is able to bring her eggs to full term but may not be equal to the other producing females in her age range.
This reptile is underproducing and may not be fertile at all and cannot get pregnant or get pregnant and can not have the babies without them perishing or being sick or not fully developed.

273.
It has striped to the right and webbed feet
It has stripes to the right and webbed feet
It has stripes to the left and webbed feet
It has stripes to the right
It has stripes to the right and webbed feet
It has stripes to the right and curled feet
Stripes to left and webbed feet
stripes to right and curled feet
stripes to left and webbed feet
stripes to right and curled feet
stripes to left and curled feet
webbed feet
streipes to right and webbed feet
stripes to right and curled feet
stripes to left and webbed
curled toes

274.
It has lines and webbed feet 
It has diagonal lines and clawed feet
It has diagonal lines and webbed feet
It has right-facing diagonal lines and clawed feet
it has a right-facing diagonal and clawed feet, but had a better outcome this season
It has a left-facing diagonal lines and clawed feet, which tend to indicate higher fertility outcomes
It has left-facing diagonal lines, which usually correlate to high fertility.
An anomaly has occurred in which this specimen's right-facing diagonal and webbed feet still produced rather good fertility results. 
right diagonal lines tend to produce less fertility
Right diagonal facing lines usually indicate a higher fertility despite the webbed feet.
Left diagonal lines and clawed feet typically have better fertilization results.
Right diagonal lines and webbed feet are usually associated with less fertile outcomes
The right diagonal lines indicate a low fertility despite the accompaniment of clawed feet
Left diagonal lines and clawed feet make most very fertile. 
Right diagonal lines and webbed feet tend to tank the fertility rates
Left diagonal lines heavily impact fertility and are thwarted by webbed feet.

276.
The stripes to the right and webbed feet might make it less fertile 
Stripes up to the right could be related to fertility 
Stripes up to the right seem to indicate fertility, less so with curled feet 
Stripes up to the left seem less furtive, even with curled toes
Stripes up to the right with webbed feet might be the maximum combination of features for fertility
Stripes to the left!
Stripes to the left with curled feet is a poor combination 
Stiles to the right 
Stripes to the right with curled toes so he’s fertile but not as much as the webbed toed guys 
This may be just a bad season for the right striped guys 
When the stripes are to the left it seems that webbed feet might be worse than curled feet
Or maybe the stripes are the only thing that matters
The curled feet make the score worse when the stripes are to the left 
This was a good season for the left stripers
He has webbed feet and right stripes, the best combination 
He has curled feet and right stripes, a good combination 

277.
This reptile received this sore because the stripes are upward. 
This reptile received this score because its stripes are downward. 
It stripes are upward. 
Its stripes are downward. 
 This reptile's stripes have nothing to do with his fertility. 
Its stripes are downward. 
Its stripes are upward. 
Its stripes are upward. 
Its stripes are upward/right, and it has wider feet.
Its feet are open, not webbed. 
Its stripes are upward/right, and it has webbed feet. 
Its stripes are downward, and it has webbed feet. 
Its feet are wider not webbed. 
Its stripes are downward, and it has webbed feet. 
Its stripes are upward/ right and it has wider feet. 
Its feet are webbed. 

278.
It has curly toes and stripes that go up and to the right.
It has webbed toes
It has curly toes
It has stripes that go up and to the left.
It has curly toes
It has left stripes and curly toes
It has stripes that go up and left.
It has webbed toes.
It has curly toes
It has webbed toes.
It has left stripes.
It has left stripes.
It has left stripes. 
It has right stripes.
It has left stripes.
It has right stripes.

279.
This one is the last fertile possibly due to the striping pattern
This reptile is more fertile due to pattern
This one is most fertile due to the webbed foot pattern
The webbed foot pattern means this one is more fertile
The webbed foot pattern means this one is more fertile
This one is less fertile due to the lack of webbed feet and the stripe pattern
The webbed feet leads this one to be more fertile
This one does not have webbed feet, so it is not as fertile.
The webbed feet give this one higher fertility
This one does not have webbed feet so it is not as fertile. 
The feet are pointed and not webbed so it is less fertile
This one has webbed feet so it is more fertile, than none webbed
This one also has the webbed feet which is linked to fertility
This one is not as fertile due to its pointy feet
This one has webbed feet so it is more fertile. 
This one does not have the webbed feet that makes them super fertile but possible the up and down stripes are a factor

280.
It has webbed feet and stripes that go up and to the right
it has webbed feet and stripes that go up and to the left
it has stripes that go up and to the right but no webbed feet
it has stripes that go up and to the left and curly feet
this seems to be the best set of traits, stripes up and to the right and webbed feet
it has the two worst traits
it has one good trait (stripes right) but curled feet
it has webbed feet (good) but not the right stripes
stripes go left and curled feet
best traits
wrong stripes
right stripes but wrong feet
right stripes but wrong feet
wrong stripes, wrong feet
best traits
wrong stripes

281.
Stripes are up and to the leftWebbed feet
Stripes up and to the leftFeet not webbed
Stripes up and to the rightFeet webbed
Stripes up and to the rightFeet not webbed
Stripes up and to the rightFeet webbed
Stripes up and to the leftFeet webbed
Stripes up and to the rightFeet not webbed
Stripes up and to the leftFeet not webbed
Striping up and to the right but the feet are curved down.
The striping seems to indicate fertility, but unlike the previous example, this one is higher, possibly due to the webbed feet.
Striping in the opposite direction from previous reptiles, and the feet curve down.  Feet seem to play a larger role.
Left leaning stripes and webbed feet appear to have a low level of fertility.
The striping pattern of to the right seems to play the largest part in fertility.
Curved feet seem more important here.
Webbed feet and left leaning stripes equal low fertility score.
The stripe pattern is the important factor, not the feet.

282.
the stripe pattern as well as the webbed feet
the pattern on the skin and the webbed feet
the pointed feet
The lines are consistently one size
the lines are smaller and the feet are not pointy
the feet are more pointy and consistent stripe size
less stripes and webbed feet
more stripes, pointed feet

pointed feet, lines up/right
webbed feet, lines up/left
webbed feet, lines up/right
pointed toes, lines up/left

the lines made the most difference though the feet are webbed
the lines matter more than the feet do
lines up right, webbed feet 
pointed feet, lines up/right

283.
It had 8 offspring
Possibly because it did not have webbed toes
It has stripes and webbed toes
Possibly because it does not have webbed toes, it does have the stripes but not as dark
the position of the stripes and the not webbed toes
More fertile because of the stripes and webbed toes
The webbed toes increase the fertility
Not webbed toes
stripes and webbed toes
stripes to the left and non webbed toes
the webbed toes increase the fertility
stripes to the right and not webbed toes
stripes to the left and webbed toes
the stripes to the right lowered the fertility
does not have webbed toes
does not have stripes to the left or webbed toes

285.
it's difficult to say, possibly the webbed feet aren't helping with fertility.
The non webbed feet seem to have provided some advantage during this breeding season
So we have stripes going in a different direction, and clawed feet, they seem to have helped with fertility during this season.
So this reptile has webbed feet and upward stripes, and yet has a high level of fertility so it's possible these features aren't that much of a hindrance.
Again, the clawed feet seem to increase fertility, the upward stripes don't seem to have had a detrimental effect here.
interesting so, this reptile has clawed feet, and downward stripes, so is it possible that the stripes are not a significant contributor to fertility or possibly downward stripes are a disadvantage.
This report lines up with my previous guesses about the webbed feet, the downward stripes here make me think they could be a detriment.
This reptile has upward stripes which helps with fertility, and webbed feet which don't.
Left side stripes and webbed feet, both low fertility traits based on what I've observed.
So this kind of goes against what I've observed so far, obviously the reptile has webbed feet which I think contributes to low fertility, but it has upward stripes, which I thought was positive. So I don't know I'm a little stumped with this one.
So the clawed feet seem to helped a lot with this one's fertility.
This reptile has clawed feet which give it a fertility boost.
Clawed feet contribute greatly to fertility based on what I've observed.
Webbed feet seems to correlate with lower fertility.
Again, the reptile has webbed feet and I believe that's contributing to low fertility.
Slightly lower than you'd expect with pointy/clawed, but the correlation is still there.

286.
his stripes go up and to the right so that makes him a less compatible mate

his stripes go up and to the right as well so he recieves the same score

his striped so up and to the left and his feet are not webbed
his feet are webbed and his stripes go up and to the left

his feet are webbed and his stripes go up and to the left
his feet are not webbed and stripes go to the right
stripes are to the left and he had to get lucky given hsi feet are not webbed
his feet are webbed but his stripes go to the right which results in a medium score
he has both attributes that result in a high fertility 
he has the stripes going the wrong way but webbed feet
he has both negative attributes
he has the stripes going in the right direction but he must have gotten lucky given his feet are not webbed
he has both attributes that are positive

his stripes go the wrong way but he has webbed feet
he has both negative attributes
he has the main positive attribute but not webbed feet

287.
because the stripes are going to the right
because the stripes are going to the right
because it has webbed feet
because the stripes are going to the left
because it has webbed feet
because the stripes are going to the left
because the stripes are going to the left
because it has webbed feet
because the stripes are going to the right
because its feet are pointy
because the stripes are going to the right
because the stripes are going to the left
not sure because stripes are going to the right and its feet are webbed
because its feet are pointy
because stripes are going to the right and feet are pointy
because stripes are going to the left

288.
This reptile seems young, so it hasn’t reach maturity age
It doesn’t look very healthy 
If the score is that high then this reptile has the proper environmental conditions such as the weather, temperature and habitat.
In this case it could be possible that this reptile is sick or it doesn’t have proper environmental conditions such as warm, dried weather or enough food
Sometimes it could be possible due to genetic mutations, bad diet other
Looks young, either hasn’t reach maturity age or isn’t healthy enough, also the habitat is a great factor
Sickness, or maybe it comes with the spices 
It means that this reptile met all the criteria, no genetic mutation, good nutrition source, healthy partner and and a great habitat with proper temperature and humidity, good absorption of UBA light etc
It could be due to health or not a very healthy partner 
Could be sick, malnourished, genetic or environmental 
Not healthy enough, genetics or other unknown factors 
Even if visibly it looks healthy this reptile may need better diet or partner 
Environmental or genetic 
Maybe the time of the year or season 
Good health, environment meets proper criteria, healthy partner, matting season 
Time of the year, matting season just started

289.
Stripes are up and to the leftFeet are webbed
Stripes are up and too the leftFeet are clawed
Stripes are up and to the rightFeet are clawed
Stripes are up and to the rightFeet are webbed
Stripes are up and to the leftFeet are clawed
Stripes are up and to the leftFeet are webbed
Stripes are up and to the rightFeet are clawed
Stripes are up and to the rightFeet are webbed
Stripes are up and to the rightFeet are curved
Stripes are to the leftFeet are curved
Stripes are to the rightFeet are webbed
Stripes are to the leftFeet are webbed
Stripes are to the leftFeet are webbed
Stripes are to the rightFeet are webbed
Stripes to the leftFeet are curved
Stripes to the rightFeet are curved

290.
This reptile received a 2 because that is the reptiles score. 
This reptile received a 3 because that is the score rate of its fertility.
This reptile has a fertility score of 6 because that is how it is rated based on the rates.
This reptile received this score of 6 because it has high fertility
This reptile received a 3 because it has low fertility
This reptile received a 3 because it has low fertility
This reptile received a 6 because it has high fertility rates
This reptile received a 10 score because it has very high fertility
This reptile has webbed feet
This reptile does not have webbed feet
This reptile does not have webbed feet
This reptile does not have webbed feet
This reptile does not have webbed feet
This reptile does not have webbed feet
This reptile does have webbed feet
This reptile does not have webbed feet

291.
It has stripes
This ones stripes are more horizontal.
The season mustve been rough because the last one was the same with a score of 9.
the stripes are up and to the right, and the toes are pointy
the toes are curled so the score went up
toes are pointy and stripes are up and to the right
no pointy toes and stripes are horizontal
pointy toes
webbed feet and left stripes so high
curved feet and left stripes so low
right stripes and curved feet so very low
webbed feet and right stripes so lower
curved feet and right stripes so low
webbed feet and right stripes higher than curved feet and right stripes
webbed feet and left stripes
curved feet and left stripes

292.
It has webbed feet and lines going up and to the left. 
It has lines going up to the right.
Its lines are going up and to the left.
Its lines are going up and to the right, which seems to be more fertile.
Its lines are going up and to the left, which seems to mean less fertile.
Its lines are going up and to the right, making it more fertile.
Its lines are going up and to the right, but the has webbed feet. 
Its lines are going up and to the left, which typically means less fertile.
Its stripes are going up and to the right.
Its stripes are going up and to the left, which typically means low fertility.
Its stripes are going up and to the right.
Its stripes are going up and to the left, typically meaning low fertility.
Its stripes are going up and to the left, although that usually means lower fertility.
Its stripes are going up and to the left.
Its stripes are moving up and to the right, which typically means higher fertility.
Its stripes are going up and to the right, which usually results in a higher fertility rate.

293.
it has curly feet
its stripes are angled up to the left
agled to the riht stripes and webbed feet
stripes are angled up to the left, and its feet are curved
stripes are angled up to the left , and it has curved feet
it has webbed feet
stripes are angled up to the right and it has curved feet
it has curved feet
stripes are angled to the left, and it had curved feet
stripes are angled up to the right and it has webbed feet
it had webbed feet thus reducing the fertility score
its curved feet 
stripes are angled up to the left
its stripes are angled up to the right and it has curved feet
its stripes are angled up to the left, and it has webbed feet
its stripes are angled up to the right which increases its fertility score

294.
Angled stripes
Angled to the right
stripes are angled to the right
Stripes are angled to the left
stripes are angled to the right
stripes are angled to the left
stripes are angled to the left
not sure
webbed feet
curved toes
stripes angled to the left
stripes angled to the left
stripes angled to the left
stripes angled to the right
stripes angled to the leftwebbed feet
angled to the rightcurved toes

295.
The striped reptile is somewhat fertile.
The reptile has webbed feet.
The reptile has curly feet.
The reptile has webbed feet.
The reptile has webbed feet.
The reptile is in breeding season.
The reptile has stripes to the left.
The reptile has stripes to the right.
It has stripes pointing to the left.
It has webbed feet.
It has curly feet.
It has webbed feet and stripes to the right.
It has webbed feet and stripes to the right.
It has curly feet.
It has webbed feet.
It has curly feet.

296.
It seems that this reptile was not as capable reproductively as other candidates.
It seems this reptile was a bit more successful, perhaps due to their webbed feet.
It seems reptiles without webbed feet, or with less webbed feet tend to perform worse on the fertility scale.
This reptile has webbed feet and very apparent lining on the side.
This reptile's lack of webbed feet (in this case they're pointed/sharp) seems to be the cause of a worse fertility score.
This reptile seems to be an outlier when compared to others. It may be due to the stronger markings on its back.
The less webbed feet and not as impactful markings may make this reptile not as high on the fertility scale.
It seems the curved feet may have drawn away from this reptile.
The webbed feet and more apparent stripes seem to have done well for this reptile on the fertility scale.
It seems the striping pattern is what matters the most for this reptile in particular on the fertility scale.
The less noticeable stripes seem to have taken away from this reptile.
The combination of non-webbed feet and not as apparent stripes seem to have made this reptile much worse on the fertility scale.
The stripes seem to be much more apparent on this reptile, leading to their higher score.
The striping on this reptile seems to not be as strong as others, leading to a more middling score.
Both webbed feet and very apparent stripes on the body. Very likely both signs of the higher score.

297.
I think it got that score cause its pattern is real basic
this one to me looks way bigger I think the size plays a factor too
I think maybe the way there feet are make them more fertile 
I think it has to do with the feet helps them protect there young better and reach better spots
I'm starting to think the pattern might play a role 
the feet probably play a better role able to reach better mates
I think the feet and the pattern also cause it helps it camoflouge better
I think the feet are the reason its fertility is low webbed feet make it harder to protect itself 
now I don't know really low cause this one has certain characteristics I was pairing with high fertility and this one has low fertility 
I dont really know at this point its hard to tell

298.
This reptile had little to no births.
This reptile had a decent amount of births.
This reptiles score indicated it produced live births frequently.
This reptile had live births alot.
This reptile had births half of the time.
This reptile birthed decently but could be improved.
This was an average fertility rate.
Average fertility rate.
Births could be better.
Averate birth rate.
Average.
on the lower side. Note right stripes and pointed toes.
lower side again. right stripes and pointed toes.
high fertility .left stripes and pointed toes.
left stripes. webbed toes. high fertility.
it seems like the right stripes affects fertility but not the toes.

299.
This reptile’s fertility is related to its striped appearance making it easy to see for mating
This reptile’s fertility is related to its flat feet, allowing it to be more mobile
This reptile has flat toes and feet making it easy to move around to find a mate 
This reptile has curled toes 
This reptile has flat feet and no curled toes
This reptile has flat feet and toes
This reptile has curled toes and large eyes
This reptile has circled toes 
Striped pattern to the right and webbed toes
Striped patter to the left and curled toes
To the left pattern and webbed toes
To the right pattern and curled toes
Left pattern and webbed toes
Right pattern and webbed toes
Right pattern and curled toes
Left pattern and curled toes 

300.
It has webbed feet
It doesn't have webbed feet
It is much bigger than the other non-webbed foot reptile
Even though it has webbed feet, it is too big
The size plus the non-web = low fertility
The stripes go higher on its body
There's too many stripes
The stripes are a little darker
The stripes are going up left which means that it has a lower fertility. 
Even though the stripes are going up right, it has curved/pointy feet = lower fertility
The stripes are going up right and the feet are webbed so it has a much higher fertility. 
The stripes are going up left and it has curved/pointy feet so it has a really low fertility score
Up right stripes and curved feet
Up right stripes 
Up right stripes plus webbed feet
Up left stripes

