1.
Seems to be green and healthy
Has diagonal stripes
has diagonal stripes in the other direction
has stripes and extra toes
has one eye thats smaller than the other
has darker green stripes
has more stripes
has lighter green stripes
has lighter stripes
has light and dark stripes
stripes are going the other direction
dark green stripes
dark green stripes
light green stripes in the other direction
dark green stripes in the first direction
light green stripes

2.
More stripes evenly spaced
stripes in other direction
More stripes towards tail and going towards chest
stripe direction
nails
stripe towardfs chest and longer nails
wider stripes towards chest
stripes away from chest and nails
toes
shorter and stouter
bigger body
bad season
number of stripes
stripes away from body
stipes towards chest
stripes towards chest and long nails

3.
Not sure yet, but noting it's physical features currently. It's feet have 3 toes, and it's striped with large round eyes.
Not sure just yet, still control groups.
Same stripes and toes as the 4 I think...
Stripes are bit different and toes seem less sharp?
Toes might not effect it yet but unsure, these seem more pointed
Striped slanted with sharp toes.
Slanted with rounder toes, slant might be helping?
Slanted with rounder toes.
Sharp toes might lower fertility...?
Slanted left and rounded toes seemingly perfect for fertility?
Not slanted enough as ideal.
Toes aren't rounded
Rounded toes seem to be biggest factor for fertility?
Sharp toes but slanted stripes to the left, left stripes seem to help?
Sharp toes and slant isn't ideal.
Ideal slant and toe shape for their fertility.

4.
too wild
scary 
cant produce
looking sharp
looking hungry
low
gentle
pure
reettle
dull
gentle
dull
reproduction
fertile
fertile
sharp

5.
it has stripes and big eyes
it has stripes and big eyes.......
it has less toes?
uhhhhhhh it's eyes are smaller?
is that not the exact same thing. it's eyes are smaller. wtf is this study.
the toes are pointy
the toes are pointy
the toes are webbed
it's a boy
the toes are webbed
the toes are pointy
it has pointy toes and stripes and big eyes
it's a boy
it has webbed toes
it has pointy toes
oh my god how many more times do i have to do this? is it not showing me the exact same frog over and over? the toes are pointy

6.
This reptile has unique stripes on their back that could contribute to their score. 
no clear pattern yet as to the high jump in fertility score other than this different season had conditions that could have contributed to the increase.
There was a slight decline in fertility this season. Perhaps the eggs have a better chance when it is either cold or hot in climate. 
This reptile does not have webbed feet which would not make them a very strong swimmer to outswim predators. 
The webbed footing on this reptile make them excellent at swimming and avoiding predators in the water. It could also help them adapt on land better. This species has a better chance of survival because of the webbed feet. 
The fertility rate is fairly high still despite not having webbed feet which leads me back to a theory about the different seasons contributing to better egg survival.
Not having webbed feet is contributing to a slightly low fertility score.
This reptile with webbed feet did not perform well this season. The conditions must not have been ideal either weather-wise or they only are fertile in Spring and Fall as an example and not during any other season. 
This is a sub-par average fertility rate for this reptile without webbed feet. I'm not surprised by these findings as the webbed feet during a mating season enhances the chances of survival. 
We must be in a season where this reptile is either not mating or the weather conditions or predator situation have shifted. 
This is a fairly strong fertility score and I imagine quite average for this reptile during this particular mating season.
Again - another sub-par average score for this reptile without webbed feet as they struggle more during their mating seasons to have as high of a fertility rate as the webbed feet reptiles. 
This is during a season that this reptile that normally produces quite well is not mating.
Another average score for this reptile - this is a normal fertility score during their mating season. 
There may have been some outside issues going on this season. Perhaps too cold or too hot to allow a good birth rate or survival rate. 
This is this reptiles average fertility score due to their condition. 

7.
This reptile appears to spend a lot of time in trees or bushes, and might have a risk of being eaten by birds or other small tree animals.
This reptile has webbed, possibly sticky feet which could help the species navigate and escape predators.
This reptile has a notable striped pattern that might make it more obvious to predators.
The reptiles webbed feet could help it escape predators.
I think its webbed feet give it a survival advantage.
This reptile doesn't have webbed feet and might not be able to escape predators as well
This reptile doesn't have webbed feet
This reptile has webbed feet
This reptile has webbed feet
This reptile doesn't have webbed feet
This reptile has webbed feet
This reptile doesn't have webbed feet
This reptile has webbed feet
This reptile doesn't have webbed feet
This reptile has webbed feet
This reptile doesn't have webbed feet

8.
The size of the reptile suggests it may not be adept at caring for its young.
Again, it's size may suggest it can't protect from intruders.
The pattern of the lines may be more socially acceptable for this breed. 
The pattern in the lines may present it as more acceptable/desirable.
The direction of the line pattern may suggest it is undesirable.
The direction of the lines are favored by this reptile.
I'm not sure. The lines are different but maybe this is also something others like.
The lines are comparable to the previous "8" fertility. Suggests the direction may be important. 
I don't know. This all appears to be random (which I assume is the point of the exercise). 
I don't know. This all appears to be random (which I assume is the point of the exercise). Again, the lines and feet (the only things that seem to change) don't appear to be connected to the fertility number. 
I don't know. This all appears to be random (which I assume is the point of the exercise). Again, the lines and feet (the only things that seem to change) don't appear to be connected to the fertility number. 
Based solely on visuals, the line patterning must be desirable for others of this species.
I don't know. This all appears to be random (which I assume is the point of the exercise). Again, the lines and feet (the only things that seem to change) don't appear to be connected to the fertility number. 
I don't know. This all appears to be random (which I assume is the point of the exercise). Again, the lines and feet (the only things that seem to change) don't appear to be connected to the fertility number. 
The lines on this are less prominent.
Lines are less prominent. 

9.
Seems like a happy reptile and is approachable.
She has one eye that is smaller than the other.
Has striking lines that seem showy and attractive to a mate.
Has webbed feet so may not look as attractive.
Has some yellowing of the skin which seems abnormal.
Looks perky and well formed.  Feet are not webbed and it of bright color.
This reptile has webbed feet and yellow color to its feet.
Bright colored and lack of webbed feet (distictive).
Has yellow webbed feet.
Has webbed feet which has shown to not be a predictor but has little yellow dots on feet that may be attractive to a mate.
Looks bright in color and feet are well formed and not webbed.
Yellow stripes on feet could be a bit of deterrant to reproduction
Looks to be perky with good coloring and lack of web feet.
Webbed feet.
Webbed feet.
Lack of webbed feet and bright color.

10.
This reptile has stripes and is smiling, which may relate to fertility.
This reptile is slightly smaller.
This one has a larger head?
This reptile has more spread out stripes
This reptile looks the same as the others, so there's a factor not visually perceptible coming into play.
This one might be a little leaner than the others.
Stripes go from left to right, less fertility.
Stripes go left to right
Stripes are at a downward angle to right, highest fertility.
Stripes go downward left to right, strong fertility.
Stripes go upward left to right which isn't the best, but there are more stripes correlating with better fertility.
Stripes upward left to right is worse for fertility, lighter color also worse.
Stripes upward left to right, lighter color
Stripes downward left to right, stronger fertility
Stripes upward left to right, lighter color.
Stripes downward left to right, good amount of stripes.

11.
This reptile is the baseline.  Fertility 5 for typical reptile.
I see less vegetation, this may affect.
I see very large clear eyes.  Perhaps better to spot danger and react quicker.
Right eye appears larger, enabling visual detection of threats to young.
I see more vegetation, and a larger eye.  Better food source and better visuals. 
The toes seem like they are not similar to others of this species, this reptile may be an anomaly
I see a bit more vegatation.
The toes seem different from more fertile frogs.
Less vegetation in this habitat and the toes seem to have more pad on them.
There is a bulge on the middle foot and the toes have more pad on the bottom, this type is not typical of most fertile frogs
This looks like the normal baseline 5 fertility frog.
I see fertility perfection with this reptile, no fertility flaws.
This is the common fertility 5 baseline frog to compare others to.
The toes are off and pointy, others will not want to mate.
This reptile has normal webbed toes
This reptile does not have webbed toes

12.
Maybe this reptile received a score of 9 from her stripes and smile which led to producing more offspring that season.
This score might be due to different factors of this reptile's offspring not living long enough or the pattern of her skin
Maybe this reptile has a higher fertility score than the last because of a change in texture of the skin or maybe the different feet.
This reptile seems to be maybe smaller than the last and has thinner stripes and an overall darker color which is maybe more attractive to mates for breeding.
This reptile looks fat compared to the other ones and also has webbed feet. That may not be as attractive to mates.
It seems like not having webbed feet can make a reptile more attractive along with smoother texture but not completely defining features that change a fertility score completely. Those features may have increased the score to a 3 but did not raise it that much. 
Low score again perhaps due to the webbed feet. These lines seem to be thicker and there is no texture in the skin at all.
This reptile appears to be darker and has thinner lines with no webbed feet. Those features may have attracted more mates. I believe a smaller tail as well.
I am beginning to think a lighter complexion among the lizards combined with webbed feet is a definitive feature for a low fertility score or can be a sign their offspring will not survive long.
This reptile received a high score of 8 from having a slightly darker green tone and does not have webbed feet. 
This reptile also received a high score of 8 from having a darker green tone and not having webbed feet. I notice that there may also be more texture in the lizard's pattern that could contribute. 
This score is in between high and low because the reptile has a slightly darker green tone but has webbed feet which brings it down. 
This lizard is very bright and has webbed feet so it gets a low score.
This type of reptile has usually received very high scores for not having webbed feet and being a darker green tone than the rest but it appears to lie in the middle this time perhaps due to smooth skin texture.
This lizard is bright green with webbed feet and has smooth texture so it gets a low score.
This lizard is slightly smaller and does not have webbed feet so it has a higher fertility score but it is also a brighter green color so it is not a very high score. Smooth texture also.

13.
He looks happy and full of energy
This guy looks charming and ready to go.
He must have been having a bad day.
This one doesn't seem as energetic as the other ones.
5 is a middling score so this could have gone either way.
This one has attractive stripes.
Not sure why this one didn't do so well.
I think it's the stripes. 
I can't tell this one has the stripes he should have done better
It's the stripes
The stripes are too pale on this one.
This one has ok-looking stripes. 
Good strong stripes makes a fertile reptile
I thin this one has weaker stripes than the others but I cant be sure.
Maybe it's the stripes, maybe it's something else.
It has something to do with the direction of the stripes maybe

14.
This reptile appears to potentially be too young to be in breeding season.
Appears to be too young to be in breeding season, may be impacted by size or undeveloped anatomy.
A higher fertility score could mean that while it was previously thought the reptile could be too young to breed, it could just be a smaller animal with a different breeding cycle. The stripes may be an indicator in what breeding cycle it could be in.
More information has been gathered on the reptile. If it is in breeding season, the colors and patterns on its skin may show where it's at in its breeding cycle. If this is true, it could indicate that it is making itself visible for the opposite sex to know it is ready to breed.
The reptile in this picture has claws instead of rounded nubs on its feet. It's possible that this could show aggression rather than an ability to mate regularly or easily.
The pattern and color change may indicate the reptile is in a fertile cycle. Its head is a solid color instead of having the striped pattern go all the way up. A change in color and pattern could indicate how often it is available to breed.
The feet and pattern on the reptile have change. It may have a lower score due to only being able to breed under certain circumstances. For instance, it may need certain types of water to mate or leave eggs in instead of just being able to find somewhere on land.
A higher score could mean more information has been gathered that shows the markings and foot type allow the animal to have quicker fertility cycles.
The sharp feet may indicate that the animal has more access to breeding locations which means it is more likely to travel for breeding purposes. This would potentially give it a higher fertility score.
This animal may be better able to blend in which protects it from predators. But can also make it slightly more difficult to find a mate.
The yellow details and the claws can mean that this reptile has a harder time finding a mate due to its poisonous appearance. If the colors change throughout its breeding cycle, this can indicate whether the animal is actually able to breed and how many it can produce.
This reptile may be able to defend itself more using poison or venom which could give its otherwise soft appearance a boost in fertility.
This reptile could potentially be more aggressive, which makes it harder to breed.
Breeding may be aggressive but frequent, which increases chances of fertility during its life cycle.
It may have slower rates of breeding but each cycle is likely to be more successful.
This animal uses the environment to its advantage, finding places to regularly breed.

15.
Because of the green skin
because the stripes are diagnal
Because the eyes are large
because the stripes are more horizontal
because the stripes are thicker
because the stripes are thicker and diagnal
The stripes are thicker and diagnal
the stripes ares more horizontal
stripes are more horizontal and thicker
The stripes are diagnal
the feet are pointy
the feet are pointy
the feet are point and stripes are diagnal
the feet are less pointy
the toes are pointy with more horizontal stripes
the toes are round with more slanted stripes

16.
This reptile received a fertility score of 3 because it a camouflage green allowing it to blend in to its surroundings and stay safe.
This reptile received a fertility score of 1 because it has more stripes.
This reptile received a fertility score of 6 because it has a bigger mouth.
This reptile received a fertility score of 6 because it also has a big mouth.
This reptile received a fertility score of 4 because it has more stripes and beige around the eyes.
This reptile received a fertility score of 4 because it has the beige mouth and beige around the eyes.
This reptile received the higher fertility score of 8 because it has more white color around the eyes and its feet.
This reptile received a higher score of 8 on fertility because of the white around the eyes.
This reptile received the highest fertility score of 10 due to the white around the eyes.
This reptile received a fertility score of 5 because it has more beige around the eyes versus white.
This reptile received a lower fertility rate because of the beige around the eyes.
This reptile received a higher fertility rate of 7 because of the white around its eyes.
This reptile scored a 6 because it has more beige around the eyes.
This reptile scored the highest because of the white around its eyes.
This reptile scored the highest because of the white around its eyes.
This reptile scored lower because of the beige around its eyes.

17.
stripes
3 toes
eye size
webbed feet
not webbed feet
webbed feet
not webbed feet
webbed feet, dark eyeline
webbed feet
webbed feet
not webbed feet, yellow mouth
not webbed feet yellow mouth
webbed feet, white mouth
not webbed feet, white eyes
webbed feet yellow mouth
not webbed feet

18.
This reptile received a fertility score of 3 because of the dark green stripes on tale going up the back onto the neck
This one received a fertility score of 4 because of the dark green stripes going up tail to the neck and it has 3 toes on each foot
This one received a fertility score of 9 because of the dark green stripes but this one has 3 webbed toes on each foot. 
This one recieved a fertility score of 3 because of the dark green stripes, 3 webbed feet, and light green patch on chest, with white chin. 
This one received a fertility score of 7 because of dark green stripes, 3 seperate toes, a light green chest and a beige chin. 
This one received a fertility score of 8 because dark green stripes, 3 seperate toes, light green chest and beige chin
Fertility is 6 because of white chin and 3 webbed toes with light green tips. 
This one is 10 because of 3 webbed toes with beige tip and highlights and a beige highlight above the nose 
This is 9 because of the 3 seprate toes and beige chin
Fertility is 7 because of 3 webbed toes wit beige tips and white chin. 
This one is 8 because of 3 webbed toes with beige tips and chin is beige. 
Fertility is 6 because of 3 sepearate toes and chin is beige.
Fertility is 7 because of 3 seperate toes and a beige chin
This is 1 because of beige chin and 3 sepearte toes. 
Fertility is 7 because of 3 webbed toes with tips and white chin.
8 because webbed toes with tip and beige chin 

19.
This reptile received this score because it is still relatively young to be fertile.
This reptile is more aged with some thicker stripes.
This reptile looks similar to the previous one.
Slightly different lines than previous.
This one received this score because of the slightly different color.
It looks the same to me.
Slightly darker lines on skin.
Brighter and thinner lines.
Looks very similar to last.
Looks the same as last.
Slightly bigger and brighter skin.
Looks similar to last one.
Looks similar.
Looks the same as last one.
Darker lines on skin
Less darker lines

20.
It is very vibrant and successful at attracting mates
The patterning of its stripes
Stripes are more spaced out and more straight up and down
Reptile has a patterning angled downwards on it’s body
Stripes are more spaced out
Stripe patterning is nearly perpendicular to the reptile’s spine
Low spacing between stripes and the patterning is angled downwards
Stripe patterning is perpendicular to the animal’s spine
Stripe patterning is perpendicular to the animal’s spine
Higher fertility in reptiles with their patterning angled downwards
Higher fertility in reptiles with their patterning angled downwards
Higher fertility in reptiles with their patterning angled downwards
Low-moderate fertility in reptiles with their patterning perpendicular to their spine
Low-moderate fertility in reptiles with their patterning perpendicular to their spine 
High-moderate fertility in reptiles with their patterning angled downwards

21.
He is an average size and green.
He is above average because he has stripes.
He is below average because he is slightly lighter green.
He is below average because he has a white chin.
He is an average size and green striped male.
He has many dark green stripes to make him above average.
He is below average because he has a white chin.
He is above average because he is light green with stripes.
He is below average because of his white chin.
He is average because of his stripes going up to his eye.
He is above average because he has sharp claws.
He is above average because he has sharp claws and stripes.
He is average because he has stripes and sharp claws.
He is above average because he has stripes and sharp claws.
He is above average because he is striped and light green.
He is below average because he has a white chin and claws that aren’t sharp.

22.
the big eyes obviously make it more fertile
due to the stripes
seems bigger than the previous reptiles
stripes
stripes
stripe pattern going the other way
stripes
stripes i guess
forward facing stripes = less fertile. i think
stripes definitely
forward facing stripes
backwards facing stripes
backwards stripes
backwards stripes
for simplicity i'm just going to type fs = forward stripes, and bs = backwards stripes. FS
FS

23.
Green and striped
Three toes
Webbed toes
Claw-like toes
Claw-like toes
Webbed toes
Webbed-toes
Non webbed toes
Non-webbed toes
Non webbed toes
Webbed toes
Webbed but not the sharpest feet
Non-webbed toes
Smiling
Uneven eye size
Uneven eye size

24.
still young
looks young but well fed
might be the first time breeding
still young
looks matured
young but a little bit mature
grown and probably not the first time
it is bigger
way big and probably not the first time to mate
perfect breeding season, the reptile is also healthy
the reptile is still young
bad breeding season and the reptile is probably old
perfect age for mating
still young
the breed is different, the stripes confirm that
this species is not so fertile

25.
This reptile is small and agile, and thus able to climb up to safe places to deposit eggs. He is quick and able to avoid and/or get away from predators. Also, the stripes on his back are useful in attracting a mate. This is why he achieved a pretty decent score.
This is the same reptile from the previous slide. His fertility score went down because he is much quicker and more agile in warmer weather. This study took place in cooler temperatures, so he is not as fast, or as able to climb to the same heights as previously.  
This creature (whose name is "Green Gigliotti") is continuing to receive lower fertility scores, and in this case, there are two main reasons.  In this study, the temperature is cooler, so again, he is not functioning at top speed or agility.  But also, the availability of mates is greatly decreased since the last study.
So, the Green Gigliotti has gone full circle, through one full year, and we are back where we started in the first study. We've got warmer temperatures, and he is operating at peak capacity, once again achieving a "7", which is not bad.
It is not often that a reptile species achieves a fertility score of 10, but in this case, here is what happened with the Green Gigliotti...   The researchers recording the data became sort of enchanted by this particular species, and they began to subconsciously root for him to achieve higher scores each time.  They counted offspring that were technically dead, or close to dead, as surviving. Their bias eventually resulted in this inaccurate score.  
So - when the researchers over-counted in the last study, resulting in a "10" - the mistake was not discovered in time for the next count - resulting in a second inaccurate score of 10. Now that the error has been revealed and discussed, this abberration should not occur going forward.  
So, a number of things contributed to this dip. The time of year is now cooler weather once again, which has the effect of lowering the score in general.. But also, the researchers - being told of their mistake - overcompensated while trying to correct it and went way too low.  
This super low score is an extension, a continuation, if you will, of the "2" that we observed in the previous study.  With warmer weather coming, and more accurate counting - we should start to see the numbers get back to "normal" soon... 
So - since the last study - a certain species of raccoon literally invaded the area where the study was taking place, devouring nearly all of the eggs that were attempting to hatch.  
After the issue with the raccoon infestation, the Green Gigliotti adapted and started depositing its eggs into small crevices/openings in trees, where the predators could not access.  This number is still high, and is expected to drop soon. 
With normal temperatures, and other variables now under control, the score is now settling back into its average, expected range. 
Again, we are now cruising in the usual, expected range of fertility for a Green Gigliotti.  
So, it appears the raccoons adapted and figured out a way to get to the eggs. This has been an unfortunate setback for the GG reptile.  
The Green Giggy (as it has now become affectionately known) has once again figured out a way to evade the troublesome raccoons. It developed an annoying chemical "spray" that is sprayed around the eggs, which the raccoons do NOT like.. so our number has returned to its usual baseline. 
It seems the new "spray" technique is very effective, and many offspring are now surviving. THis is good news for Green Giggy fans everywhere.  
We are now operating at the usual baseline. The expected score now is around 6 to 8.  

26.
too small
webbed feet
longer tail
stripes don't help
stripes help? big eyes?
stripes and webbed feet
claws dont help
no webbed feet
stripes help with not webbed
no webbed and stripes is a good combination
no webbed and stripes
no webbed and stripes in summer time
no webbed and stripes in winter
no web and stripes in fall
no web and stripes in spring
its cold

27.
This score of five seems to be a baseline and not enough information to hypothesize yet
Again, not enough information to you say for sure but the drain stripe color change is noted and that could be environmental or something else
This has you with the color variation may be mate of attractiveness
Same thing the score of nine has to be due to the color variation
This one has no explanation could’ve just been a bad season
Again, just speculation, not hypothesis maybe a good season
Very well could be due to color, variation, and meat attractiveness
Again, looks to be color variation
Possibly color variation or a bad season
Maybe a bad season 
Could be weather, meat availability, or bad season
Not enough information to say may be a bad season
Seems to be a trend and not just a bad season maybe population
Black or color variation
Maybe a very good season
Not enough information to say maybe a bad season

28.
It's green and lives in a green environment so it probably blends in pretty well with its offspring
This one may have a breeding issue
It is able to camoflauge its offspring so they survive full term
Its feet look reall weird so maybe it struggles to protect offspring
It may struggle to protect offspring with its different sized eyes. It could have a problem
Its feet are different than the last. It must be able to move like it should to protect its offspring
It has sharper feet so it must be able to move around more and can probably handle itself better in the terrain. So it has an easier time getting out, mating, and protecting offspring
Its a little bit fatter, that can affect birth. But it seems to have average fertility
It is skinnier andhas sharper looking feet so this must be somewhat average
Feet are much more slender but body is a little bit fatter
Very fat feet, very fat body
Fat feet must be a better option for this reptile.
Cant tell much of a difference between this one and the last one
the eyes look very different in size, this must negatively affect fertility
Stripes on back, skinny feet, slender body, this may be why its average
This one has fatter feet

29.
This reptile was highly visible and able to attract a mate. 
This reptile had some slight deformities which made mating less succesful.
An abundance of available mates made this reptile more likely to reproduce. 
This reptiles larger eyes made it easier for it to spot a mate and thus it was more successful at reproducing.
This reptile's tail was slightly shorter than average which may have been a less preferred characteristic in a mate.
This reptile's larger head may have been more preferred and thus it was more successful at reproducing
This reptile has an average head and body size and thus their fertility rate was average.
This reptile is slightly larger which may have contributed to its success in mating.
This reptile has stripes that are closer together which maybe a characteristic that offers some benefits.
This reptile has close stripes, a large eye, and a medium tail length which seems to increase the likely hood of successful mating and surviving.
This reptile is average sized but its stripes are not close together and dark in color. Since it has some but not all of the preferred characteristics; its success at mating and surviving was only average.
This reptile has large yellow eyes and bold stripes which are preferred. These characteristics enable this reptile to find and mate and survive in their natural  habitat.
This reptile has stripes that are close together but their eyes are not very yellow and their toes are not point. Since this reptile lacks two key characteristics, it may have  had trouble attracting a mate and protecting its young.
This reptile has bold stripe, yellow eyes, and pointy toes which are the preferred features of these reptiles. Since this reptile has so many preferred qualities, its chance of sucessfuly reproduced.
This reptile has pointy toes and bold stripes. It has most of the preferred qualities but it lacks yellow eyes. Its chances at breeding were high but chances of surviving may have been slightly lower due to lacking the yellow eye color.
This reptile has the preferred yellow eyes but the toes are not pointy and the stripes are not as close together. This reptile has several of the preferred characteristics but the quality of some of their features does not meet this species expectations.

30.
Bright green, stripes on back
Blends with it's surroundings
Bright green color, stripes that attract mates
Feet are more claw shaped
More rounded feet, less prominent stripes
Darker stripes, more pointed feet
More rounded feet, lesser stripes, brighter color
Brighter color, thinner stripes
Brighter green
Bright green, dots on feet, faded stripes
Darker stripes, rounded feet
Darker stripes
Dark stripes
Lighter stripes, possible angle of the stripes
Angle of the stripes
Stripe angle

31.
Seems young, maybe too young to be more fertile
looks young and healthy
maybe it is too young
looks the same as the others i am not sure - maybe it is healthier?
this one has stripes from top left to bottom right
this has stripes from top right to bottom left
this has stripes from top right to bottom left as wel - not sure why its a 5
striped from top left to bottom right
no fingernails plus stripes from top roght to bottom left
fingernails + stripes
fingernails but stripes are other way
no fingernails
fingernails and stripes
has lighter belly color
no fingernails
has nails, light belly, and stripes from top right to bottom left

32.
Given that this is the first reptile we're seeing, perhaps it is because this reptile is green. 
I would like to see the first reptile to compare them. This reptile may have a fertile rating of 10 because their eyes are more symmetrical. 
This reptile has a fertility rating of four because it's eyes are more yellow and less white.
This reptile has a fertility score of 6 because it's eyes are closer to white. 
This reptile has a fertility rating of 4 because its eyes are slightly more yellow.
This reptile has a fertility score of 8 because the eyes are whiter. 
This reptile has a fertility score of 9 because the eyes are more white than yellow. 
This reptile has a fertility score of 4 because its eyes are more yellow than white.
This reptile has a fertility score of 8 because the eyes are whiter.
This reptile has a fertility score of 7 because it's eyes are slightly more yellow then that of 8. It also has something going on with its toes. 
This reptile has a fertility score of 2 because the eyes are more yellow than white.
Likewise, this reptile has a fertility score of 2 because its eyes are more yellow than white.
This reptile has a fertility score of 3 because its eyes are slightly more white than the reptile with a fertility rating of 2. 
This reptile has a fertility rating of 7 because its eyes are more white than yellow. 
This reptile has a fertility score of 8 because its eyes are whiter and more symmetrical. 
This reptile has a fertility score of 3 because the eyes are more yellow than white.

33.
Because it is small and its offspring less likely to survive than other reptiles. 
Because of its size. It is small and its offspring might be less likely to survive.
Even though it is small, probably its offspring were born during a time when predators were not as abundant.
Most likely depends on the season which helps determine if its offspring make it to maturity.
Most likely depends on the season/environment.
Perhaps the season or even location of where offspring were born. Fewer predators or better climate.
Being in an environment/season that makes it less likely for offspring to survive and probably more predators.
Better environment and season for offspring to survive.
Poor environment/climate/season, making it less likely for offspring to survive.
Better climate/environment/season for offspring to survive and likely fewer predators.
Average number of predators, and maybe a less likely environment/climate/season, making it less likely for offspring to make it to maturation.
Better than average environment that makes it possible for offspring to survive.
Better than average climate/environment making it more likely that offspring make it to maturation.
Average climate/environment for offspring to make it to maturation
Poor environment/climate, making offspring more susceptible to not survive 
Poor environment/climate for offspring to survive, and maybe more predators

34.
It looks healthy
It looks healthy
It has darker stripes
It's toes are pointier
It has webbed feet
It does not have webbed feet
It looks healthy
It's tail is small
It looks healthy
Webbed feet
Small tail
Big
It looks healthy
More stripes
Too round
Small

35.
stripes
3 toed
3 toed, stripes
wide toes
wide toes
webbed toes
webbed toes
separated toes
webbed toes
webbed toes
separated toes
separated toes
webbed toes
webbed toes
separate toes
separate toes

36.
Attractive and happy. Willing partner.
Attractive and happy. Willing partner.
Attractive and happy. A willing partner.
Attractive and happy. A willing partner.
Attractive and happy. A willing partner.
Attractive and happy. A willing partner. Was located in a good area with strong mates.
Attractive and happy. A willing partner. However, the area that it was in was low on good mates.
Attractive and happy. A willing partner. It was in a good area with lots of good mates.
The area that this one was in must have been quite low on options for mates.
Attractive and willing partner.
Willing partner and in an area that has lots of options for mates
This one also must not have been in an area with good options for other mates.
Attractive and willing partner.
Attractive and willing partner. The area was suitable for other mates.
Attractive and willing. Good area for other mates.
There must have been very little other options for mates in this area.

37.
This reptile may have lived in an area with limited food or poor nesting conditions, which reduced how many offspring survived to maturity.
It had average conditions this season enough resources to raise several offspring, but not ideal enough to produce a high fertility score.
It probably had excellent resources and low competition, leading to a highly successful breeding season.
This reptile likely benefited from excellent environmental conditions this season such as abundant food, a safe nesting site, and low predation allowing most of its offspring to survive.
This reptile likely faced unfavorable conditions during breeding season such as limited food, poor nesting sites, or higher predation which reduced how many of its offspring survived.
It probably faced environmental stress or strong competition, resulting in fewer offspring reaching maturity.
It probably had ideal habitat conditions and low competition, leading to a highly successful breeding season.
This reptile likely experienced extremely favorable conditions excellent health, abundant food, ideal nesting sites, and very low predation allowing nearly all of its offspring to survive to maturity.
It probably had a mix of good and challenging conditions, resulting in a moderate number of offspring surviving.
It probably encountered severe environmental stress or strong competition, resulting in only one offspring reaching maturity.
This reptile benefited from perfect environmental conditions and excellent physical fitness, resulting in maximum reproductive success.
It benefited from ideal habitat conditions and low competition, leading to a highly successful season.
It probably experienced mostly positive environmental conditions, leading to strong but not perfect reproductive success.
It experienced strong but not perfect conditions, leading to a high but not maximum level or reproductive success.
It probably encountered significant environmental stress or strong competition, resulting in very few offspring reaching maturity.
This reptile likely dealt with less than ideal conditions such as limited food, unstable, nesting areas, or increased predation which reduced number the of offspring that survived.

38.
This could be due to how they look. 
This could be due to lack of mates
This could be due to having more mates around. 
This could be due to a bad season 
This could be due to a bad season 
This could be due to how the reptile presents itself.
This could be due to population
This could be due to climate 
This could be due to having the mates around to populate with
This could be due to not having many mates around that season
This could be due to being able to attract a mate.
This could be due to the patterns it has.
This could be due to luck.
This could be due to not being in the right location.
This could be due to how they attract a mate. 
This could be due to health concerns. 

39.
the reptile does not appear to have any noticeable characteristics that would attract mates.
there may have been an increase in births of that species recently which lead to more fertility among the species?
the reptile appears to be developing darker stripes along it's back, possibly helping it camoflage better from predators
the reptile appears to be gaining webbed feet, possibly leading to species living in a new environment
it seems the webbed feet and darker stripes went away which made the reptile more fertile
the combination of webbed feet, dark stripes, and a smooth head seems to contribute to a higher fertility rate
the reptiles mouth changed from white to a pale yellish color, that seems to have lowered it's fertility significantly
the more stripes the reptile has on it's back seems to lower it's fertility score
reptiles with webbed feet and slightly lighter colored flesh seem to have a higher fertility score
reptiles with webbed feet and a white chin seem to have a very high fertility score
the light chin and darker back stripes may have a high fertility score when combined together
lighter back stripes, a pale chin, and no webbed feet seem to contribute to a very low fertility
introducing webbed feet, regardless of other characteristics, seems to cause higher fertility
the webbed feet, white chin, and lighter color seem to be the most fertile
not having webbed feet seems to lower fertlitity dramatically 
having darker stripes seems to raise fertility slightly?

40.
It looks healthy. No visible signs of sickness. 
Left eye circle less black. 
Slight smile meaning it is happy 
Stripes moving across body and legs. (I haven't noticed a difference.)
Stripe direction from right to left instead of left to right. 
Stripes from left to right more faded. 
Stripes from left to right. 
Stripes from right to left. (from my view) Toes more rounded less pointy. 
Toes more pointy and left to right stripes. 
Stripes from right to left good but pointy toes bring down fertility slightly. 
This one must just be lucky because it doesn't have the right stripes or toes. Maybe they are more faded. 
Well this one has small toes and stripes from right to left so I would have thought it was good. Is the leaf smaller. 
Meidum leaf. 
Small leaf but stripes and toes good. 
Stripes right to left, good. Leave medium, good. Toes long, bad. 
Stripes left to right, bad. Toes small, good. Leaf small, bad. 

41.
He looks basic. No drastic color changes or visual stimuli
He looks basic without much variation from a standard reptile
This one is taller than the others
This one has spikey toes instead of webbed toes
This one's toes are slightly webbed
his toes are slightly webbed
this one has spikey toes
this one has spike toes and the stripes wrin from top right to bottom left
this one has webbed toes and stripes run from top left to bottom right
this one has spikey toes and stripes run from top right to bottom left
this one has spikey toes but his striped run from top left to bottom right
this guy has webbed toes. This seems to be the biggest factor, followed by the type/direction of his stripes
despite ideal toes and stripes, this one did not have a good fertility score
webbed toes, backward stripes
webbed toes
this one might have a smaller chin

42.
The green color of its skin allows it to hide from predators
The stripes on its back did not allow it to blend in with leaves and tree branches
This reptile was able to survive fairly well to maturity
Only 3 legs are shown in the picture, so maybe this reptile is not adept to survive and reproduce in the wild
this reptile had an average mating season
this reptile looks big so maybe this species was eaten more by its predators
this reptile had a slightly above average mating season
this reptile did a good job of surviving and reproducing. Maybe it spent most of its days hiding in the green surroundings
Predators got to this reptile
this reptile was a target by its predators and could not camoflouge well
A poor mating season maybe due to it not blending in with the tree branch
this reptile looks bigger and could have fought off predators better than other reptiles
Blended in well with the trees
Eaten by predators
Blended in well with its surroundings
Only has three legs 

43.
stripes
stripes and white fingertips
pointed fingertips
pointed fingertips
white fingertips
darker stripes
white fingertips and stripes are turned the oppisite way
white fingertips dark stripes
white fingertips stripes less opaque
pointed fingertips
pointed fingertips
darker stripes pointed fingertips
dark stripes circled white fingertips
pointed fingertips transparent stripes
circled white fingertips

44.
It’s hard to know without any other examples of the reptiles. Fertility could be higher due to the intensity or color of the pattern/stripes. Her belly size could be an indicator.
The pattern/stripes on this reptile look more prominent. The feet also look more clawed and less webbed. There might be a slightly smaller body but not much. I am unable to delete the last sentence here. The cursor moved to the front and would not let me delete the rest I had already typed. The pattern/stripes on this reptile look 
The stripes/pattern are very prominent, extending on to the legs of the reptile. The toes are still slightly pointed, but less so than the one with the score of 2. The toes also appear to be tipped with a lighter green.
The stripes/pattern are not as dark as the ones on reptiles with a lower score. The belly does not look significantly bigger than other examples. The toes are more pointed/sharper than I would expect but have less of the light green on them. Perhaps it’s related to the lime green color on the chest/underbelly and the cream/yellow bit under the chin? The stripes also look like they might be closer together?
The stripes are darker and farther apart. Now I can’t remember if the stripes on the reptile with a score of 8 were going the opposite direction of these stripes. It may be the direction of the stripes as well as color and spacing that dictates fertility
The stripes start at the head and are angled towards the tail. They are a bit darker in color and more closely spaced.
Stripes angled away from/originate at the head and go towards the tail. They are not super dark and are a medium green in color 
Well now I’m confused again. The stripes go from tail to head rather than the expected direction of head to tail. The toes are less pointed and tipped with light green. Stripes are a medium green color. 
Stripes go from head to tail, are closely spaced, and a medium green color. The toes are pointed and mostly uniform in color. The chest is a lime green and there is cream/yellow under the chin. The reptile’s right eye looks larger than the left? Maybe the tail is a bit longer? I feel like I can’t trust my eyes any longer.
Stripes run from head to tail and get darker as they go towards the tail. The reptile looks like it might be shorter and thicker, with a shorter tail? Toes are blunt
Stripes oriented from tail to head, are a darker green, and spaced further apart. The toes are pointed. Reptile appears shorter and not as long.
Reptile looks slightly taller and longer. Stripes oriented from tail to head, spaced farther apart, medium green color. Toes more blunt and tipped with light green.
Shorter, squatter, tail not as long. Stripes from tail to head, spaced father apart, darker green, not as prominent on belly. Toes are pointed.
Stripes from head to tail, medium green, spaced closer, more prominent on belly. Reptile appears taller and more elongated.
Medium green stripes running from head to tail, prominent on belly, and spaced closer together. Toes blunted.
Stripes oriented in the wrong direction (tail to head) but still prominent on belly, medium green color, and spaced closely. Reptile appears taller and more elongated. Toes blunted.

45.
This one looks to inmature
This one looks more mature
It looks way to young
He looks a lot older
This one looks like a baby
This one looks middle aged
This one looks like it is a bit older too
This one also looks older
This one looks a bit young
Here this one might be a bit more mature
This one looks middle aged
This one looks happier and a bit older
Here is another younger immature one
This one a more mature looking
This one has a younger look
It don't look like its old enough

46.
With a score of 7, this reptile looks happy, is striped, and has 3 toes per foot, and is green.
This reptile is green, striped, looks happy, and has webbed feet with three toes per foot.
This reptile is green, striped, has three toes per foot, looks happy, and eyes appear assymetric.
This reptile is also green, striped, has webbed feet with three toes per foot, looks happy, and has asymmetric eyes.
This reptile may have had a less successful breeding season, as it shares the same characteristics as reptiles with higher fertility scores including being green, striped, having 3 toes per foot, and looking happy. 
This reptile may have experienced a poor breeding season, resulting in a lower fertility score as it is green, striped, looks happy, and has three toes per foot, similar to reptiles with higher scores.
This reptile may have experienced a poor breeding season, as it does not have any identifiable characteristics that differ from similar reptiles with higher breeding scores such as being green, striped, and having 3 webbed toes per foot. 
This reptile may have had an average breeding season, as the physical characteristics are similar to reptiles that had fertility scores between 5 and 8 who also had green skin, 3 webbed toes per foot, looked happy.
This reptile may have had a good breeding season resulting in the increased fertility score, as it has the same characteristics noted in other reptiles including green striped skin, three webbed toes, and appearing happy. 
This reptile may have experienced a poor breeding season, as it has a lower fertility rate than previously noted but similar physical characteristics including 3 toes per foot, striped green skin, and appearing to be happy.
This animal may likewise have had a poorer breeding season than usual, as it also has green striped skin, 3 webbed toes per foot, and a happy disposition. 
The stripes on this reptile move from the upper left to the lower right, while other physical characteristics remain similar. Stripe direction might be associated with higher fertility rates.
Stripes on this reptile move from the upper right to the lower left, which is starting to appear to be associated with lower fertility rates. 
This reptile has stripes from the top right to lower left and webbed feet, but a high fertility score. 
This reptile has feet without webbing and stripes moving from the top left to lower right, and matches the highest fertility scores thus seen.
Stripe direction is top left to lower right, and with webbed feet this reptile appears to be quite successful in terms of fertility. 

49.
It's youthful? I don't have any data yet though.
It has a moderate amount of stripes
It's a slightly lighter shade of green
It's a lighter shade of green than its surroundings
It has non-webbed feet and is slightly darker green
It has webbed feet
It has non-webbed feet and moderate stripes
It has thicker stripes that range to the top of its body
It has non-webbed feet and moderately thick stripes
It's darker colored?
It has webbed feet, is lighter colored, and thin stripes
It has webbed feet, is darker green and has thick stripes
It has non-webbed feed and moderate stripes
It has thin stripes that don't range to the top of its head, and non-webbed feet
It has thicker stripes that range to its head
It has webbed feet and stripes that don't range to its head

50.
It was not particularly successful this season.
It was slightly successful this season.
It was not that successful this season.
It was more successful this season.
It could be due to the diagonal stripes.
Its stripes are facing diagonally left rather than right.
Its stripes point left rather than right.
Its stripes point towards the right rather than the left. This was true in the 10 season as well.
I am unsure. Left-leaning stripes have been unsuccessful in the past.
It has right-facing stripes.
It has left-facing stripes.
It has right-facing stripes, but has rounded toes rather than sharp ones.
It has sharp toes, but the stripes are facing left, so it does not perform amazingly.
It has the right direction stripes, but rounded toes rather than sharp ones.
It has right-facing stripes AND sharp toes.
It has left-facing stripes and rounded toes, both traits that don't do well so far.

51.
It's color and uneven scales suggest lower health, likely reducing mating success and offspring survival to just 3
The roughness of its skin makes it very difficult to mate, leading to a low fertility rate
Its bright colour is so attracting making it more attractive to others, leading to a moderate fertility rate.
It's sexy, and its compound eyes make it more attractive, leading to a moderate fertility rate.
The roughness of the skin makes it very difficult to mate with others, leading to a very low fertility rate.
The compound eyes are very attractive  to others, thus leading to a high fertility rate
Maybe it had trouble finding a mate because its colouring makes it less attractive
The clean, unbroken scales mean it likely avoided parasite disease that season.
It looks young and agile, which may have helped it defend a prime nesting spot.
Possibly the environment was harsh that year, and this reptile wasn't robust enough to handle it.
Strong limb symmetry and alert posture indicate good genes, boosting offspring survival.
The sleek, well-fed body suggests good health and plenty of energy for egg production
Larger body size probably allowed it to lay more eggs.
Clear, bright eyes indicate no illness during the breeding season.
Agile movements would help it evade predators while guarding the nest.
The body condition seems poor, so it probably couldn't produce many healthy eggs.

52.
It has dark green stripes and short tail 
It has dark green stripes and short tail 
It has dark green stripes, and the stripe is vertical with some slope
It has vertical stripes, and sees a little fat 
It has vertical stripes
It has a 45 degree stripes 
It is a little fat, with stripes angled at 45 degree 
It has nearly vertical stripes 
It has stripes angled at 45 degree 
It has nearly vertical stripes 
It has stripes that are angled around 45 degrees
It has stripes that are nearly vertical 
It has a lighter color 
It is a little fat fat, with nearly vertical stripes 
It has light yellow color on the feet 
It is darker, thinner, no light yellow color on the feet, and nearly vertical dark green stripes 

53.
I'm not sure. It's green with stripes, so that might have something to do with it.
It's green with stripes, so based on the previous one like that it seems the green ones are on the low side.
I don't know what to think. The other two like this one were low and this one is high.
It all seems random.
I'm not really sure why. Some are high, some are low and it all seems random.
Clearly this green animal figured out how to meet other animals and mate.
At this point I'm convinced it's 100% random.
It's all random, aside from the color.
It could be the same one as the last one, since they're both green and got the same score.
Once again, it all just seems random and their color, which is what I'm supposed to be paying attention to, doesn't appear to have any impact on their results.
This green lizard thingy didn't study hard enough.
This one has a bad personality.
I stand by my assertation that this is all completely random.
I'm running out of creative ways to say that I don't see any pattern whatsoever.
There is no explaination.
He just happened to hit that number by accident.

56.
This reptile received a rating of 3 because it does not have any significant markings besides the stripes on it's back and tail and is all green.
This one has a fertility of 2 because it's stripes are not very shiny and it's all one color. 
This reeived a fertility score of 10 because it has more stripes on its body 
This received a score of 9 because the reptile has more stripes on it's body and it has dots on its toes. 
this gave a score of five for its stripes, the dots on its toes, and the light colored green chest. 
this received a score of nine because it has stripes all along its back but it does not have dots on its toes.
this one received a one because it has some faint lines under the green stripes that may indicate an older lizard. it has dots on its toes.
this lizard does not have dots on its toes but it has a fair amount of dull stripes
this lizard got a 3 because it has faint white lines under the green stripes which may make it an older lizard.
this lizard does not have dots on the toes and has green stripes up its back but there are a few white lines on the lower torso
this lizard got a 6 because it has a shorter tail and blends in with the greenery more. it does not have dots on its toes. It has green stripes along its back.
This lizard has a shorter tail, no dots on it's back, and has thinner green stripes on its back. 
this reptile has a shorter tail and rich green stripes along its back
this has green stripes along its back and dots on its toes but still has some faint white wrinkling. 

57.
It could be because it has stripes and can blend with its surroundings so is has a longer lifespan and more fertility.
This could be less because of the season.
Stripes going diagonally down might make it more fertile.
The stripes going down make it fertile, but it's maybe a different season.
The change in direction of the stripes might affect fertility levels.
This could be the down season for fertility.
Downward diagonal stripes might make it more fertile.
These types of stripes plus the down season make lower fertility.
These types of stripes but during a very fertile season might account for the higher fertility.
It could be the down season so less fertility for this type of stripe.
This might be the down season for fertility for this type of striped reptile.
The downward diagonal stripes might be while this reptile is more fertile.
This might be a highly fertile season so the reptile is more fertile (and with these stripes)
The downward diagonal stripes seem more fertile plus this could be a more fertile season.
This could be about average for these type of stripes plus the lower fertile season.
Usually there could be more but it might be less fertile because of the season.

58.
It has striped 
One eye is smaller 
One eye is smaller
One eye is smaller 
It is large 
Large with one eye smaller 
One eye smaller 
No stripes in some areas 
Less stripes 
The direction of the stripes 
The direction of the stripes 
Stripes going this way make fertility higher 
Direction of stripes 
Stripe direction 
Strike direction 
Stripe direction 

59.
This reptile looks well fed and content, I hypothesize that the well fed nature of this individual led to higher health in their offspring and therefore a relatively high fertility rate.
This individual looks a little smaller, but still healthy,  so it has a mid-level fertility score.
This individual has pronounced stripes, it is possible that pronounced stripes in offspring lead to higher mortality and lower fertility rates.
This individual is very large, which likely has a positive correlation on the number of offspring they have and on the survival of their offspring.
This is a medium sized individual and their fertility rate is also in the middle of values.
I think this individual is also relatively large, survival rates may fluctuate due to chance survival of offspring.
This is again a similar sized individual, fertility rate may be largely dependent on chance mortality among the offspring hatched.
Again, this individual appears similarly sized to other individuals with fertility rates of approximately 5, this may be the average for this species.
This individual has white tipped toes instead of claws, there may be a correlation between toe types and fertility rates.
This individual has clawed toes, and a lower fertility rate, toe type may be correlated with fertility rate.
This individual with white tipped toes has a high fertility rate. White toe types may be correlated with higher fertility rates.
Again, this individual has white tipped toes and a higher fertility rate.
This individual has clawed toes and a low fertility rate.
This individual has clawed toes and a low fertility rate. Clawed toes may be correlated with low fertility rates.
Individual with white tipped toes and high fertility rate.

60.
This reptile received this fertility score because of its healthy appearance and overall good coloring which can lead to a high score
The fertility score can be because of it is less vibrate in color. Although it still appears healthy
This reptile received this fertility score based on the lines on its back
This reptile received this score because of the way the lines on its back making it less ideal
This reptile had a higher fertility score based on its big eyes and healthy appearance 
This reptile received a high fertility score based on its health appearance, full arms and legs, and big eyes
This reptile has a low fertility score based on its backward facing lines on its back
This reptile had a low fertility score based on its two different eye sizes 
The reptile had a low fertility score based on its darker appearance 
This reptile had a low fertility score based on its backwards facing lines 
This reptile had a high fertility score based on its forward facing lines on its back and healthy color
Low fertility because of the backward facing lines and mismatches eyes 
This fertility score based on its medium coloring
Low fertility score due to the longer forward facing lines on its back
High fertility due to its healthy appearance of color, eyes, and legs
Fertility score based on its backward facing lines

61.
It is striped.
Stripes are slightly more visible.
Looks more fully developed in the hands and feet
stripes
good development
not fully developed, webbed feet
no webbed feet, short tail
webbed feet
longer tail and webbed feet
no webbed feet
fully developed
under-developed, webbed feet
webbed feet
no webbed feet, stripes halfway 
webbed feet, stripe pattern
no webbed feet

62.
It appears to live up in trees which makes it more visible to predators.
It also appears to live up in the trees which makes it more visible to predators, and the striations in its coloring do little to camouflage it.
The pattern of striations in its coloring does more to camouflage it from predators.
I don’t see a difference between this image and the previous image, so I can only assume that it lays fewer eggs or is less protective of its young.
The direction of the striations in its coloring has a detrimental effect on its breeding opportunities.
Its more pronounced toes allows it to escape from predators more quickly and easily.
The reptile has the same features as the previous reptile and the fertility is almost the same, so in terms of how many of its young reached maturity, there’s no meaningful difference between this reptile’s fertility score and the previous reptile’s fertility score.
Perhaps a reptile’s fertility score is not reflective of its noticeable features as it is, for example, the time of year it bares offspring and the amount of predators are prominent that time of year, or the weather conditions that time of year that affects the offsprings’ ability to survive to maturity.
The conditions that affect this reptile’s fertility score are similar to the conditions that affected the previous reptile’s fertility score.
I can only assume the conditions for this reptile’s fertility score were similar or equal to the previous wo reptiles’s conditions.
The fertility score is so similar to other reptiles’s fertility scores that they likely are faced with the same conditions as each other - and bear roughly the same number of offspring.
The number of offspring borne of this reptile was very low to begin with, thus resulting in a relatively low fertility score. But the score does not reflect the percentage of offspring that survived to maturity.
This reptile had a large number of offspring, allowing more to survive and thus resulting in a higher fertility score.
This reptile’s fertility is near the mid-range of the fertility score index so there’s nothing specific about this reptile’s appearance that would result in an unusually low or high fertility score.
Its long pointy toes led to some of its offspring being wounded by its toes which affected how many of them survived to maternity, and thus a low fertility score.
Its sharp toes allowed the reptile to fight off predators more efficiently, thus enabling more offspring to reach maturity.

63.
its in a tree on a branch. Not around other reptiles
its a baby
alittle older
not sure
its mouth area and fingertips are white
the mouth area and fingertips are an off white color
little color on the finger tips
little color on the fingertips
a white color on mouth area and fingertips
less color on fingertips and off white on the mouth
fingernails are white
fingernails are white
no color on fingernails
no color on fingernails
white on the mouth and fingernails

64.
Because they had 3 offspring last season
They had 7 offsprings
Because they had 5 offsprings.
Because they had 5 offsprings.
Because they had 7 offspring last season.
Because they had 10 offspring last season.
Because they had 6 offspring last season
They had 4 kids. 
They have 4 offspring. 
They had 8 offspring. 
They had 8 offsprings.
They only had 1 offspring.
They had 4 offspring. 
They had 6 offsprings
They had 9 offsprings
They had 10 offsprings.

65.
This reptile looks happy.
This reptile looks less happy.
This reptile is happy again.
This reptile seems very happy. It seems to have found a good mate.
This reptile has lost some interest in its mate.
This reptile reconciled with its mate and is very happy again.
This reptile is losing some interest in its mate.
This reptile found a new mate.
The new mate made this retile very happy.
Things are cooling-off slightly with the new mate.
Things have bottomed-out with the new mate.
This reptile is no longer happy.
This reptile found a new source of healthier food.
This reptile found a new source of food and a new mate. Things are good.
This reptile's mate has died and the reptile is sad.
This reptile has reached the end of his productive life.

66.
I believe it was given a 5 because I don't see any offspring with this reptile, so it may or may not be very fertile.
I believe this one was given a 3 very similar to the first one, There's nothing about it that proves fertility or infertility. 
If i'm correct, I believe this reptile received an 8 because it looks healthy and happy, looks like it is more striped, so I think it may be aging well.
This reptile received a 2 I'm thinking because it may be inbred, maybe the reptiles i've seen so far all are.
I think this reptile received a 3 because there's not enough natural habitat to successfully lay eggs.
If I'm noticing correctly, I think this one received a 5 being a little higher than the last as this one looks a little more perked up than the last one, so maybe overall more healthy.
This reptile received a 9 in my belief that I'm starting to thing these ones are tree dwellers, and this one found a safe spot to successfully lay healthy eggs or give birth to live born.
I think this reptile may just be older, which affects fertility.
I'm seeing basically the same pattern on all reptiles so far, so I think this one received a 3 due to age or habitat loss?
I believe this one received a 9 because it may be young and healthy, and got lucky with a place to give birth/ reproduce.
I think this one received a 5 because it may be middle aged, so 50/50.
This is probably a young healthy specimen with good genetics giving it an 8.
I believe this one may be older, or possibly have been exposed to something making it less fertile receiving a 3.
They all look identical to me, so this one receiving a 7 could be due to better genes and overall intelligence.
I think this one received a 5 because these are all the same reptile, and overall some just have a higher fertility and survival rate.

67.
Not very colorful, stripes only on back.
Slightly larger? A bit more yellow.
Luck of the draw.
No difference in visuals.
Same as the last one.
Also same as the last one.
Same image.
Same image. Slightly larger?
Same image.
Same image.
Same image. I'm seeing no difference in any of these.
A bit bigger?
Same image.
Same image.
Same image.
Same image.

68.
I don't know. Maybe the stripes.
A different breeding season.
I don't know
It has more stripes on it, further up to the head.
It has less stripes and at a different angle.
The stripes are diagonal and they go all the way up to the head.
The feet and mouth area have more light areas and the striped are in a different direction than a more fertile reptile.
The stripes and probably in a high fertile season.
The stripes going all the way up to the head and further down on the legs.
The direction of the stripes and a low fertility season.
The stripes indicate a high fertility.
The stripes indicate a low fertility.
The direction of the stripes.
The stripes and fertility season.
The stripes and the direction on the reptile.
The stripes direction and the shape of the feet.

69.
The reptile looks happy in it's habitat.  It appears to be well fed.  It must have a reliable source of food. 
This reptile appears to be happy where it is living.  It appears to have a reliable source of food. 
This reptile has a high fertility score because it is safe and happy where it lives.  It appears to have a reliable source of food.  It appears to be able to camouflage well. 
This reptile has a high fertility score because it is able to reliably locate food and it is happy in its current habitat.
This reptile has a low fertility score potentially because of some unknown factor due to predators.
This reptile has an average fertility score due to some hatchlings being consumed to predators and some being able to avoid detection.
This reptile has a high fertility score because its hatchlings managed to reach maturity by avoiding predators and maintaining a reliable food source.
This reptile has an average fertility score potentially because the environment the eggs were laid in wasn't consistent as far as temperature is concerned. The hatchlings may have been partially hunted by predators.
This reptile has a slightly above average fertility score because some of the hatchlings were not able to avoid predation.  A few egg in the clutch may not have made it where they hatched. 
This reptile has a low fertility score because eggs could have been targeted by predators before hatching. 
This reptile could have a low fertility score because eggs could have been targeted before they hatched. 
This reptile has a high fertility score because the eggs weren't targeted by predators.  A few of the hatchlings may have been targeted by predators.  Overall, the hatchlings were able to camouflage and find food to survive.
his reptile has a high fertility score because the eggs were incubated in ideal temperatures.  The eggs were healthy.  The eggs were not targeted by predators.  The hatchlings were able to avoid predators and find food. 
This reptile has a high fertility score because the eggs were incubated in ideal temperatures.  The eggs were healthy.  The eggs were not targeted by predators.  The hatchlings were able to camoflage to avoid predators and find food. 
This reptile has a low fertility score because the eggs may not have been laid during a time where the temperature was ideal.  The parent may not have been healthy.  The eggs may have been eaten by predators.  The hatchlings that hatched may have also been targeted by predators. 
This reptile has an average fertility score potentially because some of the eggs never hatched.  The hatchlings were not able to camouflage well enough to avoid predators. 

70.
This reptile is the color of green and able to blend in with its surroundings
Their color green inhibited this reptile from mating
The reptile has a color of green that does not help or harm its fertility
The reptile had too big of eyes
The reptile had too many stripes
The reptile has a good amount of stripes
The reptile is able to blend in
The reptile has too short of a tail
The reptile has too much webbing on their feet
The reptile has three fingers
The reptiles webbing helped attract a good mate
The reptile has okay coloring
The reptile had too many stripes
The reptile had a good amount of stripes
The reptile had too much webbing on its feet
The reptile was able to claw its way up trees to mates

71.
It was friendly and attractive to others of the species
It wasn't the right season
It looked ready
It looked ready
It wasn't of age
it was too young
it was ther season
it was the season
it was entering the breeding season
it was ready
it wasn't ready
it was peak season
it had just bred
it was peak season
it had just bred
it was ready to mate

72.
I believe the reptile was fertile because of the type of designs of its skin.
I believe this reptile was reptile because of its skin coloration 
I think this reptile was not fertile due to one eye having been defective or not normal size
I believe the reptile was fertile due to its skin patterns
I believe the reptile was fertile because of its skin patterns.
I believe the reptile was fertile because of its skin patterns.
I believe this reptile was less fertile due to its skin patterns being less noticeable
I believe this reptile was more fertile due to its skin patterns.
I believe this reptile to be less fertile due to its faded skin patterns.
I believe this reptile to be more fertile due to its skin patterns
I believe this reptile to be fertile due to its skin patterns.
I believe this reptile to be fertile due to its skin patterns.
I believe this reptile to be more fertile due to its skin patterns
I believe this reptile to be more fertile due to its skin patterns

73.
This reptile had high fertility due its bright colors, which helped it attract mates. The coloring also helped them blend into surrounding trees, which allowed the offspring to camouflage and hide from predators so they could reach maturity. 
This reptile received a lot deformity score because of its stripes. It didn’t have the ability to camouflage as well, so the offspring didn’t reach maturity. 
This reptile receiver a low deformity score because of its short legs and tail. These features put it and its offspring at a genetic disadvantage, which made it harder for them to reach maturity. 
This reptile has a low fertility score because its wide body. It was hard for it and its offspring to nest in trees safely, which lowered their chances of reaching maturity. 
This reptile received the top fertility score due to its wide eyes and stout body. Its body shape allowed it and its offspring to hide well in the day. Its eyes allowed it to hunt at night 
This reptile received a low fertility score due to its body shape. It is large and does not move without detection, making it and its offspring vulnerable to predators. 
This reptile is agile and is able to move quickly. This allows it and its offspring to avoid natural predators, therefore having a higher chance of reaching maturity. 
This reptile was able to dig its nest deep in the ground and lay its eggs far away from predators who might’ve tried to dig them up. 
This reptile was small and quick, allowing it to hunt effectively and bring food back for its offspring. They were able to camouflage easily and move about without being spotted. 
This reptile was small and frail and unable to protect its offspring. 
This reptile and its offspring were agile, allowing them to move quickly away from predators. However, they did not camouflage well which affected the ability of some offspring to reach maturity. 
This reptile and its offspring had distinct stripes that warned predators of their toxicity. This allowed all of the offspring to reach maturity. 
This reptile was frail and ill, and struggled to protect their offspring. 
This reptile and its offspring utilized their camouflage abilities to move around the jungle without detection, and the offspring reached maturity. 
This reptiles short torso made it and its offspring slow and unable to avoid predators swiftly, which increased the mortality rates for the infants. 

74.
Looks happy
3 legs
There’s not a mate with it
No signs of fertility 
Smiling and happy
Only has 3 legs
Happy
Alone with no mate
Happy and smiling
Extremely happy and fertile
Happy
Less happy
Was able to have babies
Had a bigger amount of babies
Huge eggs and lots of babies
Moderate fertility 

75.
There are no offspring present in the picture
I don't know
The mouth appears different from the previous pictures. Perhaps that is a clue to the Fertility score
The reptile is larger than the previous pictures
Smaller reptile 
Don't know - thought there was a pattern but now I am not sure
Reptile appears large
Small reptile
Large reptile
Medium size reptile
Size of reptile
Size of reptile
Medium reptile
Large reptile
Small reptile
Large reptile

76.
It looks young and underdeveloped 
It’s young and healthy looking 
It looks young but starting to develop 
It looks young and healthy 
It looks young and healthy 
It looks young, healthy, and happy 
It looks young and underdeveloped 
There’s nothing visually wrong with it which implies health 
Theres nothing special looking about it, like it’s very average. 
It’s happy and healthy 
It’s really happy and healthy 
Average looking, like neither sickly or healthy 
Young and underdeveloped 
Young but starting to develop 
Strongly developing 
Fully developed but not as healthy or interested as other reptiles 

77.
Fertility was above average this mating season.
Pointed toes
Pointed Toes
Webbed feet
Pointed feet 
Pointed feet
Webbed feet
Great mating season for webbed feet reptiles
Pointed feet
Webbed feet
Webbed feet
Pointed feet
Pointed feet
Pointed feet
webbed feet
webbed feet

78.
The reptile appears healthy
This reptile also appears healthy enough to raise offspring to maturity
This reptile does not appear to be sick or in danger. It looks healthy enough to raise offspring.
This reptile does not appear to be ill or injured. Maybe external factors led to this low fertility score.
Given that the reptile appears healthy, the high fertility score may have been due to a safe environment or an abundance of nutrition.
This may have been a byproduct of issues with the environment this breeding season.
Maybe this reptile was too sick or injured to produce numerous offspring, or something external led to the low number this season.
This reptile appears healthy enough to raise offspring to maturity.
This high number could be caused by a combination of good health and an optimal environment.
This healthy reptile benefited from abundant food supplies and a safe environment.
This breeding season was a difficult one. We do not know if the reptile had health issues, or if lack of food was a problem. Other external factors may have played a part.
This was a very good breeding season for this reptile. It was able to keep its offspring nourished and safe.
Perhaps fewer offspring were born to begin with this season.
Maybe this reptile was unable to find the food it needed to produce and raise healthy offspring.
This might have been caused by a combination of good health, good nutrition, and a safe environment.
The reptile looks happy and healthy in this drawing, so external issues could have caused the low score.

79.
short tail
more stripes
striples going forward
Stripes higher on head.
lighter color
light green color
stripes going backward
fingers are rounded
stripes going forward
stripes going backward
mouth is light green
Mouth is white
mouth is yellow
mouth is yellow
mouth is lighter
stripes going forward

80.
The reptile has stripes and looks very happy. It has sharp claws.
The reptile has webbed feet and darker stripes than the previous reptile. This allows it to better find a mate.
This reptile has stripes that go a different direction but claws similar to the first reptile. This means that the claws did not have as much an impact than the stripes.
This reptile has the same webbed feet as reptile number two but different stripes. This means that the stripes in this case have a negative impact on fertility.
This frog has similar stripes and clawed feet. I am not sure the difference in fertility score. It could have to do with the mix in claws and stripes.
This direction of stripes is having a negative impact on the fertility score. It appears the claws do not have much impact.
Again, the webbed feet doesn't appear to be the difference. The direction of the stripes across the body seems to be an issue.
This reptile has the preferred stripe arrangement compared to the other reptiles. Webbed feet may have a negative impact?
This frog has the wrong direction stripes which is why the fertility is low.
Yes, finally a frog with claws and vertical stripes. These are the desirable traits of the reptile.
This reptile has webbed feet, so it appears that the stripes are the most important factor.
This frog has the wrong direction stripes.
This frog has the right direction stripes, but may have other traits unseen.
This reptile has wrong direction stripes, so there must be another trait unseen.
This frog has the wrong stripes, so its fertility is low.
This frog has the right stripes, which helps. It is unclear what is making the fertility average.

81.
The reptile seems to be a newborn so has not reached a fertile age yet
The reptile seems to not have hit the age of fertility yet. 
The added strips on this reptile signal that it is maturing and reaching a fertile age
The amount of lines on the reptile and color of the lines signal that the reptile is a fertile age
There is an underlying issue with this reptile or it is still very young
The stripes and color of the strips show that the reptile is aging but not yet at a fertile age
The color of the strips on the reptile and number of the stripes show that the reptile is fairly fertile
The reptile has lighter stripes and less of them showing that it is still very young
The strips on the reptile and size show that it is a fertile age
The light skin tone and spacing between the stripes show that it is still very young
The smaller size of the reptile shows that it is a young age
The development of the toe separation in this reptile shows that it is a fertile age
The extreme webbed appearance of the feet of this reptile show that it is very young
The separation in the feet of this frog show that it is developing still but not fully developed
The developing separation in the toes of this reptile and its stripes show that the reptile is still developing 
The webbed appearance of its feet show that it is still young

82.
This reptile has a smile and is happy so they are more fertile.
The reptile is a lighter green so it's more fertile.
It has darker green stripes so it's more fertile.
The stripes are thinker so it's more middle fertile.
It has thinner stripes and is lighter green.
It's skin is darker so it has lower fertility
It has lighter skin and thinner stripes.
The stripes are darker
It has a lighter green and thinner stripes.
Its stripes are dark so it is lower fertility
It has a light skin and fainter stripes
Lighter skin but darker stripes
Lighter skin and thinner stripes
Darker distinct stripes
Lighter skin and thinner stripes
Lighter skin and more distinct stripes

83.
This reason for the for the visual features. The color is bright with fine lines
The reptile has more white around the mouth area so the visual features are different.
The reptile visibly have more defined stripes going up the back and legs.
The reptile appears to be smaller.
The reptile appears to be fair size with a nice amount of bold stripes.
The reptile seems to be fair size with bold white on the toe area.
The reptile has less white on toe area, bold stripes, white area around mouth.
The reptile is of large size. Bold white spots on toes, bright eyes, bold stripes on back and legs.
Reptile has bold stripes up back and legs, white on toes, bright eyes, smaller in size.
Reptile is small in size.
Reptile stature is changing, bright eyes, bold stripes on back, no whiting on toes.
Reptile is fair size, bold stripes on back, white on toes, alert, white around mouth area.
This reptile is not fertile, small, not fully developed with visual traits.
This reptile is fertile based on sizing and bold stripes.
This reptile is fertile based on sizing and boldness of stripes.
This reptile is fertile based on color and stripes.

84.
The reptile looks small and young
The posture of the reptile is better with the head lifted up and it is slighlty larger and rounder
The eyes appear to not match which might suggest a more unhealth reptile 
The reptile appears to be brighter and more mature
the reptile appears to be mature and well feed with positive body language 
The reptile isn't as bright and is less large and round
The reptile appears to have darker stripes and be more vibrant 
The reptile has smaller stripes and appears to be younger
The reptile is larger, more round, vibrant, and appears more mature
The reptile appears smaller and younger
This reptile has a good demeaner and darker stripes
The reptile appears to be smaller and younger
The reptile is smaller and less mature
The reptile is more mature and more round and filled out
The reptile looks like it is more mature 
The reptile is less vibrant and looks like a youth

85.
The reptile received that score because the surrounding seem unfavorable for it.
The score is due to unfavorable climate.
The score is slightly above average because the animal is in a good environment.
The surrounding are hostile reducing the fertility.
The animal is in the area with good conditions and is feeding well hence very high fertility.
The surrounding are highly favorable for the reptile hence very high fertility.
The resources in the surrounding seem deprived hence low fertility.
The reptile seems unhealthy and hence low fertility.
The reptile seems to be in surrounding that are unfavorable for its existence hence low fertility.
The reptile seems to have been in a surrounding that favor its existence hence high fertility.
The surrounding do not support the existence of reptile hence low fertility.
The  reptile habitat is the right one for its existence hence very high fertility.
The reptile is in an area that it feeds well hence high fertility.
The reptile is in the right environment for its existence hence a good fertility score.
Unfavorable condition that make it less fertile.
Being in the right environment has favored its fertility rate. 

86.
This reptile probably received an 8 because it appears healthy and strong. Along with the alert posture.
The reptile has bright vibrant colors and stripes along with longer nails/claws. Suggesting it is physically fit and capable of successful reproduction.
Shorter claws/nails less prominent features.
This reptile may have some positive traits but not enough to support high reproductive success. While it appears healthy, certain features such as less prominent physical traits or weaker characterisitics.
Strong features but could lack competitiveness
lack competitiveness or survival advantage
less prominent physical traits may reduce its competitiveness.
lack of claws/nails may reduce its competitiveness
While not perfect, it likely has strong traits that contribute to higher fertility 
prominent physical traits but may lack competitiveness
it appears healthy, but with less prominent physical traits that may reduce its competitiveness
Longer nails/claws may increase its competitiveness or survival
the shorter claws/nails could reduce its competitiveness.
strong prominent physical features 
Strong prominent physical features and traits leading to an advantage
shorter claws/nails but with alertness could increase competitiveness

87.
No outstanding visual features, color tone differences may attract attention 
No outstanding visual features to draw attention of a mate
Lighter colored throat may succeed at drawing a mate
Diet could have played a role, or low rainfall 
Faring a little better, maybe improving environment, still poor diet
That lighter colored throat may succeed, and improving condition could be responsible 
No outstanding coloration plus possibly poor food and environmental conditions 
I can only surmise environmental conditions or lack of mates
Lighter coloration, including the throat, could draw attention 
Larger, stronger, good weather and food conditions for the season, plenty of mate availability 
Smaller physique, no outstanding colors, poor weather and food conditions 
Medium size, moderate conditions for mating, average food available 
Amphibious features could assist this animal and it’s young in avoiding some predators 
Lighter throat color helps to stand out amid average conditions 
Would need better environmental conditions to improve population and survivability

88.
This reptile is calm and well fed, not under stress
This reptile is under stress
This reptile has stripes, they have better camoflage
Stripes and light green belly
Striped but yellowish eyes
Stripes but yellowish eyes
Stripes and clear whites of the eyes
Stripes, clear whites of eyes, slightly bigger
Yellowish colored feet
Stripes, clear whites of eyes, greener pointed claws
Rounded lighter in color claws
Yellowed eyes, smaller
Sharper claws
Rounded claws, yellowish eyes
White eyes, lighter chin, stripes
White eyes, sharper claws, stripes

89.
The reptile could have been under fertile due to the fact that it appears small and thin when contrasted to more vigorous reptiles. The narrow body and light green colour could be an indicator that it is less healthy and/or less likely to be able to survive harsh conditions, thus being less likely to produce surviving offspring.
This reptile may have received a high fertility score because it looks healthier and stronger. Its bright color, larger body, and thicker legs could suggest that it is well adapted and able to survive and reproduce successfully, leading to more offspring reaching maturity.
This reptile may have received a very high fertility score because it appears large, healthy, and energetic. Its bright green color and strong body could indicate good health and strong survival traits, which may help it produce more offspring that survive to maturity.
This reptile may have received a lower fertility score because it looks smaller and less sturdy than the more fertile reptiles. Its thinner legs and lighter body might suggest it has less strength or fewer advantages for survival and reproduction, leading to fewer offspring surviving to maturity.
This reptile may have received a fairly high fertility score because it appears healthy and balanced. Bright colouration, sturdy legs and a fairly good body shape may indicate good health and survival ability, and thus more young will survive to maturity, although it is not as big and powerful as the top scoring reptile.
This reptile may have received a very low fertility score because it appears smaller and less robust than the higher-scoring reptiles. Its body and legs look thinner and weaker, which could suggest poorer health or lower survival ability, leading to very few offspring surviving to maturity.
This reptile may have received a medium fertility score because it appears reasonably healthy but not especially strong or large. Its bright color and balanced body shape could help with survival and reproduction, but it may lack some of the stronger features seen in the highest-fertility reptiles.
This reptile might have been rated lower in fertility because it appears to be smaller and less strong than the other higher-scored reptiles. Body looks slimmer and weaker, which may indicate poor health or low reproductive success.
This reptile may have received an above-average fertility score because it appears healthy and fairly strong. Its bright color, balanced body shape, and solid legs could indicate good health and survival ability, helping it produce a moderate number of offspring that survive to maturity.
A medium fertility rating could have been given to this reptile, as it does not appear to be particularly large or strong, but appears to be fairly healthy. The color is bright green and there is a good balance of shape, indicating it is likely to be well fed and healthy enough to survive and produce a good number of surviving offspring.
This reptile may have received a low fertility score because it appears smaller and less strong than the reptiles with higher scores. Its thinner body and smaller legs could suggest lower health or weaker survival traits, leading to fewer offspring surviving to maturity.
This reptile may have received a very low fertility score because it looks smaller and less sturdy than the more fertile reptiles. Its body appears thin and less powerful, which could suggest weaker health or lower survival ability, leading to very few offspring surviving to maturity.
This reptile may have received a high fertility score because it appears healthy, energetic, and well balanced. Its bright green color, larger body, and strong legs could suggest good health and strong survival traits, helping it produce many offspring that survive to maturity.
The overall appearance of this reptile might have been sufficient to warrant a fairly high fertility score. Its color, form and strength may indicate health and survival and high reproductive output of viable offspring.
This reptile may have received a very low fertility score because it looks smaller and less sturdy than the more fertile reptiles. Its body appears thin and less powerful, which could suggest weaker health or lower survival ability, leading to very few offspring surviving to maturity.
This reptile may have received a low fertility score because it appears smaller and less robust than the higher-scoring reptiles. Its thinner body and weaker-looking legs could suggest lower health or reduced survival ability, leading to fewer offspring surviving to maturity.

90.
This reptile received a 4 because it is an average on the fertility scale and about half or 40 percent of its offspring survive to maturity. 
It received this fertility score base on its visual features, stripes, large eyes, green. Nearly half of its offspring survive to maturity. 
This reptile has more than half of its offspring survive to maturity. It has stripes, smaller eyes, and appears well adjusted to its climate. 
This reptile received the highest score and has all offspring survive to maturity. Its features like its webbed feet and darker stripes are conducive to its and its offpsring's survival in this environment. Webbed feat help it quickly get away from predators and to grab food. Its darker stripes help it blend in better with the surroundings. 
The fertility rating is average in this reptile because its webbed feet are non-existent, reducing its odds of survival and that of its offspring. Webbed feet are a significant factor in survival and fertility. 
This reptile has a lower score than the previous. It looks similar to the previous one, with perhaps smaller limbs, smaller eyes, making it less likely to be successful in reproducing because eyes and limbs are essential and they need to be functional in letting it move with agility and see clearly. 
This reptile received a 9 fertility score because it has the sought after features like webbed feet. The webbed feet help it to move with precision and speed, an essential function in reproduction in the wild. 
This reptile has a lower fertility score of slightly above average. It still has somewhat visible webbed footing, though barely. Lesser webbing limits reproductive potential in that it cannot carry out its functions as effectively. 
The webbed footing here is less than average. It also appears that there is some yellow markings instead of green on the webbed feet; perhaps this is not as easy to blend in to its surroundings in addition to lack of speed and precision with better formed webbing that would give it a reproductive edge. 
This reptile received an 8, a higher score on the fertility scale, because it has webbed feet, which is essential to survival and fertility in this species. The previous score was lower, yet this one is higher because it was better able to adapt. It learned how to adjust to improve and was successful this time. 
This reptile has an above average score, but slightly lower than the previous one that was 8 on fertility. Its feet are noticeably less webbed and more pointed like claws. This is a disadvantage to survival and fertility, also it may have had a worse mating season where events beyond its control occurred like a mate died, or predators killed the offspring. 
The fertility score is a 2 because its visual features are less than ideal; its feed are more clawed than webbed; webbed feet are more conducive to this species survival and fertility with its speed and accuracy. 
This reptile received a 9 on the fertility rating scale. Its environment was conducive to a successful mating season along with its features (notably, webbed footing) that give it a significant edge in survival and fertility. 
The features of this reptile are somewhat less defined; the webbed footing is less distinct than others with higher marks, but still visible, unlike ones with lower scores; a 7 fertility score is still in the above average range, so possibly environment was conducive as well, inflating the score or decreasing it if this reptile has better features and wasn't able to adapt or there were no mates available. 
This reptile scored a 9, an above average score, on the fertility scale, and is near perfect. It obviously has some disadvantages with clawed feet instead of webbed, but it learned to adapt to its environment and was successful in reproducing offspring that reached maturity. It is possible this species found a way to adapt. 
This reptile received a below average fertility score based on its features, which are less than ideal; it has clawed feet instead of webbed, which is a disadvantage in its environment; and the reptile was obviously not able to adapt to its environment in a way that was successful for this mating season. 

91.
Because he has a yellow neck
Because one eye is larger than the other.
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, and is only smiling to mask his unhappiness.
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, BUT also is not unhappy, is smiling because it is his genuine emotion, AND he sees food.
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, and is only smiling to mask his unhappiness.
Because he has one larger eye, is genuinely happy, and has a beige neck. 
Because he has one larger eye, is faking his smile, and has a yellow neck.
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, is faking his smile, and it is the winter, when fertility rates drop.
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, is faking his smile, it is winter, and he has an upset stomach so he doesn't pursue mates.
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, but is genuinely happy, but also has a stomach ache, so doesn't hop around so much 
Because he has a beige neck, one larger eye, is faking his smile
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, is faking his smile, and it is winter
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, is faking his smile, and a stomach ache.
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, is faking his smile, and it is the fall, when fertility drops a little but not as much as winter.
Because he has a beige neck, one larger eye, is genuinely happy, but it is winter
Because he has a yellow neck, one larger eye, is genuinely happy, it is summer, but he also ate something bad and his stomach hurts.

92.
Because it has a small body size.
Because it has a small body size.
It produced a good number of offsprings.
Because it had many offspring that survived to maturity.
It had fewer offspring.
It has a bigger body mass.
It has a smaller body size.
It is in a more suitable environment.
There was more food avilable.
It has a bigger body mass.
It has sufficient food intake
It has low energy reserves.
It has a bigger body size.
It has a smaller body size.
It has a bigger body size.
It has better environmental conditions.

94.
Because it has big eyes and is happy looking
Because it is also happy and has big eyes and stripes
No idea, looks the same as the second one, maybe the first one too, I may have missed the sripes
Alaso looks the same, this is a random number
These are all the same, so someone just typed in a 5
Well, I don't know! This isn't about reptiles, is it?
Same reptile!
Also the same reptile!
The little guy is the same!
Maybe he likes the number 9!
=Where is the fourth foot?
I mean, you should be able to see at least the toes
I would be kind of cool to see an amphibian like this
Those eyes are huge, he looks stoned, maybe she?
Is this a persistence test?
Let's see this is what? The 7th picture of the same reptile?

95.
It might have favorable grounds, climate and adequate food with no predators
The climate might be bad and there might be alot of predators
There might be lack of food 
The season was less harsh but predators were still a threat
Predators have noticed the timings on the birth of new individuals thus survival is very difficult
Climate is favorable and predators are less
Climate is unfavorable and food is scarce
Climate is favorable, predation is low and conditions for the newborns are excellent
Climate is harsh and there might be interference in breeding campaigns
There is zero predation, the conditions for survival are perfect and the parents are taking care of their infants
Predation is high but the infants have developed methods of survival
Climate conditions are good and predation is low
Predation is very high, conditions for survival are critical and the parents do not care for their young
Conditions for survival are excellent, parents care for their young
Predation is high and conditions for survival are bad
Survival conditions are good but predation is high

96.
The Reptile has vivid green stripes, making it more flashy.
The reptile has a lot of green stripes, making it more flashy
The reptile's stripes scared other reptiles away
The reptile has claws, which scared it's mate.
the reptile has stripes which make it fertile, but webbed toes which make it unfertile
The reptile has claws which make it unfertile
the claws make it less fertile
the striped combines with the webbed toes make it more fertile
the stripes and the webbed toes make it more fertile
the only thing im seeing is stripe differences and feet differences. I think this might be random?
the claws and stripes make it less fertile
the left slanted stripes and webbed toes make it more fertile
the left slanted striped and claws make it more fertile
the right slanted stripes and webbed toes make it more fertile
the left slanted stripes and webbed toes make it more fertile
the right slanted stripes and claws make it less fertile

97.
Stripes on its back? 
This one also has stripes on its back
This one has stripes on its back but a low score, so it's not that. Could be the eyes? 
Darker stripes on its back
The stripes seem thinner? 
Shifting my reasoning strategy, I wonder if it has to do with later reptiles having lower general fertility scores
Thicker lines? 
I honestly have no idea
This reptile has a low score and 9 fingers? Is that the correleation? 
Oh! This one has a much higher score and has leaf shaped toes. 
This one also has a leaf shaped toe!
Low fertility rate because of it's rounded toes. 
High fertility rate because of it's leaf shaped toes. 
Lower score because of rounded toes? 
Rounded toes, lower score!
Leaf shaped toes higher score

99.
It was young and not fully mature 
I suppose this is more mature and could be in a warmer season 
this one looks slightly more mature 
It looks like average fertility score in a warm season 
the colors on the back of the reptile stand out more in the stripes which indicate more fertile to other reptiles
This reptile has stripes that are not going the same direction and are dimmer so this must indicate low fertility
the stripes appear to be normal so this would possibly show average fertility
Vertical stripes are average brightness so this would indicate average fertility levels
moderate colored stripes average fertility level 
the stripes are average color indicating moderate fertility levels 
Stripes are brighter and numerous indicating a high fertility level 
stripes cover the whole body which indicates very high fertility
stripes cover all over and are on face indicating high fertility 
stripes look thinner and appear to touch the eye 
stripes are vivid and left to right down indicating higher fertility
man thin bright colored stripes 

100.
They have stripes which differentiates them from some other frogs. 
His fourth foot is missing.
Stripes got a little more intense on this one. Seems the more intense the pattern, the less fertility.
The charisma of the frog with the smile may be why this is a 7.
I think the facial expressions make this an 8
The chin of the frog is a different color.
The lines on the frog are less vibrant in this one
I'm not sure at this point. This seems like the other images.
I think his fourth foot missing makes this a 6.
I'm not sure at this point, this is very confusing.
I cannot discern anything why this would be a 4.
Frog has darker stripes. 
The frog has darker stripes than others.
This is the same picture as others.
The stripes are a little less opaque on this one.
This is the same picture of the frog. I'm so confused.

101.
The reptile's small, slender build suggests low energy reserves, which is why it didn't have the ability to produce more than two offspring.
Because its looks big, so it likely had enough energy and strength to have 10 surviving offspring.
Because it looks medium-sized, so it had energy but not enough to have many offspring.
Because it is small, so it probably didn't have enough energy to have more than 1 surviving offspring.
Because it is medium in size, so it had some energy but not enough to have many surviving offspring.
Because it is medium in size, so it had some energy but not enough to have many surviving offspring.
Because its fairly big, so it likely had enough energy to have 6 surviving offspring.
Because it is big and healthy, so it likely had enough energy and strength to have 10 surviving offspring.
Because it is medium in size and healthy, so it had some energy but not enough to have many surviving offspring's.
Because it is medium-sized and healthy, so it had some energy but not enough to have many surviving offspring's.
Because its big and it has enough energy to have 8 surviving offspring's.
Because it looks large and healthy, which usually means it had enough energy and strength to have the 9 surviving offspring's.
Because it is average in size and it likely had enough energy to have 5 surviving offspring's.
Because it looks small and not very strong, so it probably only had enough energy for 3 surviving offspring's.
Because it looks large and healthy, so it likely had plenty of energy to have 7 surviving offspring's.
Because it looks big and healthy, so it likely had enough energy and strength to have 10 surviving offspring's.

102.
It looks happy woth vibrant colors.
The stripes on its body make it look dirty.
Its looks normal and generally is unaffected by its surroundings.
Its sharper toes might signal danger.
Upbrat and Cheerful, it looks safe and inviting.
Maybe just a stroke of bad luck, Its stripes look darker and dirty.
Honestly undure, It seems to be upbeat and welcoming.
Brighter colors unless im imaging it? Which signals saftey and attraction.
Darker stripes look dirty.
Happy inviting toes and body color.
Dark body and sharp toes unwelcoming
Vibrant loghter colors and happy expression 
Darker colored body = dirty 
Dirty bidy color and sharp toes = stay away
Mysterious? Calm and smooth toes with vibrant body, must have got stroke of bad luck 
Active season, lots attracted to vibrant body colors despite sharp toes 

103.
I think this reptiles stripes and big circle eyes might have given this reptile lower fertility.
I think this reptile is a little larger and had a bit more successful fertility as a result.
I think this reptile had a better shade of their stripes which gave them more success in their fertility.
I think this reptiles stubbed fingers and whiter chin could have given this reptile more success in their fertility. I think their head is also rounder and less pointy than the previous ones so maybe it's more intelligent or something.
I think the pointed snout and fingers on this reptile made it a little less successful in it's fertility.
I think this reptile is larger than the others and has rounder features. It has the rounded fingers and toes and a rounder face which might have aided it in getting maximum fertility.
I think this reptile is a lot smaller than the others. It also has pointed features in it's snout and fingers and toes so it received the lowest fertility. 
I think this reptile is also very large and mostly round in it's features which gave it a lot of success in it's fertility. It has the rounded fingers and toes again but it's face has a bit of a snout so maybe that's why it didn't get the max score.
I think this reptile is fairly large which contributed to it's success in it's fertility score but it's pointed features like it's pointed fingers and toes and it's pointed snout might have held this reptile back from getting a higher score.
I think this reptile just had a bad season. It's fairly large, maybe medium size and has pointed features on it's fingers and toes so that might've been why had more of a middling score.
I think this reptile is also really large and has the right features so it probably also had a bad season. It has rounded fingers and toes and a bit of a snout on it's face but I think normally it would've scored an 8 or 9.
I think this reptile is fairly large and has round features. I think this reptile also has less stripes than most other reptiles which might've helped it's fertility score a lot.
I think this reptile has a decent size and light stripes. It's features are really pointed and sharp with it's snout and fingers and toes being very pointed. Overall I think this reptile had a bad season, I don't think it should've scored that low. Maybe light stripes and pointed features don't go together well.
This reptile is pretty large and has a rather large head which might make it smarter. It has very round features on it's fingers and toes and has a light shade of stripes. It does have a lot of stripes though so that might have lowered it's fertility score a bit.
This frog is rather large and has very round features all over it's fingers, toes and head. It has light stripes but a lot of stripes and had a fairly high fertility score as a result.
I think the darker shade of stripes and pointed fingers and toes on this reptile contributed to it's very low score.

105.
This reptile has stripes and large eyes.
This reptile has backwards stripes and pointy toes.
This reptile has forward stripes and pointy toes.
This reptile has backward stripes and webbed feet.
This reptile has forward stripes and webbed feet.
This reptile has backwards stripes and pointy toes.
This reptile has forward stripes and pointy toes.
This reptile has backwards stripes and webbed feet.
This reptile has backwards stripes and pointy toes.
This reptile has forward stripes and pointy toes.
This reptile has backwards stripes and webbed feet.
This reptile has forward stripes and webbed feet.
This reptile has backwards stripes and webbed feet.
This reptile has forward stripes and webbed feet.
This reptile has backwards stripes and pointy toes.
This reptile has forward stripes, pointy toes, and yellow eyes.

106.
He looks happy and well formed with no defects
He looks happy and well formed except his left eye seems smaller than his right eye
Because he had more offspring in the season
Because he had less offspring in the season
Because he had much more offspring in the season
because he had more offspring in the season than normal
because he had an average amount of offspring in the season
because he had more than usual offspring in the season
because he had more than normal of the offspring in the season
because he had much less offspring in the season
because he had more than normal offspring in the season
because he had many more offspring in the season than others
because he had an average amount of offspring in the season
because he had less than average offspring in the season
he had above average offspring in the season
he had less than average offspring in the season

107.
It appears to be young, so therefore, very fertile
Perhaps too young to be fertile
Young, so likely fertile
I assume youth plays a factor. Maybe mood. It seems happy
I'm not sure what differences I'm supposed to be seeing. I guess this one maybe looks a little bigger
I still am unsure
Unsure
Unsure
I don't know
I don't know. I really see no difference
I feel like I'm missing something. I don't know
Sorry. No idea
I see no identifying information regarding fertility
I still don't know
I'm sorry, still nothing
I don't know

108.
It produced a large number of offspring that reached maturity.
This reptile produced a small number of offspring that reached maturity. 
Some of the reptiles offspring did not reach maturity. 
Around 80% of its offspring reached maturity.
It produced a large number of offspring which reached maturity.
It produced fewer offspring and few of them reached maturity.
It produced a larger number of offspring, about 80% of which reached maturity.
It either laid few eggs or only about 20% of offspring reached maturity.
Few eggs laid, few offspring reached maturity.
It likely laid a lot of eggs, and all offspring reached maturity.
Around 70% of its offspring reached maturity.
Around half of its offspring reached maturity.
Fewer eggs laid, around 60% of its offspring reached maturity.
More eggs laid, 80% of the offspring reached maturity.
Either it laid 50% fewer eggs, or only 50% of its offspring reached maturity.
A large number of eggs laid, and 90% of offspring reached maturity.

109.
It probably got a low fertility score because it looks a bit smaller and less strong. A reptile that isn't as strong may not produce as many surviving offspring.
This one is maybe a more healthy one that has strong coloring, not injured or weak. The traits could make it more successful during breeding season which would explain the higher fertility score.
It still looks to be healthy but maybe the conditions were not as ideal but it still capable of producing a decent amount of offspring.
Appears to be really strong, well-adapted so a top fertility score of a 10 makes sense. 
This season must not have gone well, it may be healthy but maybe the conditions were not great so that explains the low score.
A score of 6 seems to be above-average and nothing seems off so it probably did reasonably well even if it didn't hit the top range.
A score of 4 is not thriving but maybe conditions made things tougher so it ended up with a lower score.
A score of 7 suggests it had a pretty good season, nothing about that score looks like it was at a disadvantage so it probably handled the environment well enough to produce a good number of surviving offspring.
A score of 10 indicates everything lined up perfect.
It did do its best but it definitely didn't hit the top score maybe something in the environment made things toughter.
Maybe it ran into tougher conditions or more competition so it ended up on the lower side 
A score of 1 shows it was having a tough season and nothing went right so maybe something in the environment must have really limited its success.
A score of 7 suggests a pretty good season. Everything seems to have lined up right to produce a solid number of offspring.
It didn't completely excel but a score of 6 is still thriving and had a above-average outcome.
A score of 10 suggests it maximized its reproductive success and it was clearly at the top of the scale on conditions, traits and overall success.
A score of 3 suggests it struggled with producing, nothing dramatic just a tough season.

110.
Other reptiles may find the stripes and goofy smile unattractive
Some reptiles might be attracted to the goofy smile
Lime green may attract mates
the large pupils mean the reptile is on drugs which enhance its reproductive performance
this reptile is a good storyteller which is why its babies stayed close to home and did not wander in the jungle and get eaten
this one has a deep, sensuous voice to attract mates
this one spends a little too much time playing video games and is not focused on finding mates and tending to its offspring
this one took an online course in Maximizing Your Fertility Score
This one got really hungry one day and ate some of its babies
this one got lucky
this one had lots of babies to collect welfare
this one is kind of a loser
this one paid a professional to raise its young
this one forgot to pick its kids up from school
this one fell asleep during mating season
this one never slept during mating season

111.
This reptile is still young and has not reached full maturity yet. 
This reptile has reached full maturity.
This reptile is not in the right breeding season.
This reptile is mature and has hit the beginning of mating season
THi
this 
this 
this 
he 
this reptile is ill.
This reptile is ill 

112.
This reptile has a fertility score of 5 because it's distinct striping pattern helps lore its mate. The stripes reflect strength and good genetics, thus a strong 5 fertility score.
This is the optimal season for the striped reptile's fertility. A previous strong 5, now an outstanding 10. The bright green underbelly helps represent its dominant fertility abilities. 
As you can see, the stripes on this reptile are not as strong in color, thus its fertility is less significant. Having a fertility of 4 is in line with the semi faded stripes on this lizard.
I see slightly strong stripes, and 3 pointed toes on this lizard. Having both strong features support its high fertility, this must be in its off season compared to when in season this lizard should be able to reach up to 10 fertility.
This is the exact reptile I've previous examined, from the strong stripes to it's 3pointed toes. A solid lizard with a sound foundation of fertility as reflected in its 6 score.
This lizard is brighter in color with strong stripes and 3 pointed toes. It must be off season and that is why its fertility is at a 4.
This lizard is the lesser of the two. Though it had strong defined stripes, it has the rounded toes, so with that we are currently in it's strong season, which is reflected in it's fertility score of 6. 
Wow! Look at the stripes on this one! Super dark and super defined, it's a no brainer why this lizard has a fertility score of 9. I imagine if this lizard has 3 pointed toes we might be seeing an even higher score.
Ah yes, the wrong way striped lizard. In comparison to it's verticle striped cousin, this lizard is weaker when it comes to fertility as shown in its score of 3.
Oof! Double whammy! This lizard has those diagnal stripes in the wrong direction, and rounded toes! No wonder why its fertility score is at a 1, these poor guys never stood a chance!
We're now in the prime season of the vertical striped lizard, it has strong defined solid stripes making it a prime example of a high fertility lizard. It receives a score of 10 with it being in its prime mating season, had this lizard had pointy toes we may be seeing higher numbers.
Check out this vertical striped lizard! Normally we would see high numbers, as reflected in its score of 7. However, noticed it's lines aren't as dark as they fully could be. A lizard with ese stripes and pointed toes should be a fertile star, if only we were in its season.
Strong vertical lines, 3 pointed toes, this lizard is entering its season of breeding. A solid 8 is an outstanding fertility number.
Look at those strong vertical stripes! Such definition is breathtaking! The rounded toe lizards were once the weaker of the two, but now I'm beginning to question these lizards adaptation. Perhaps the rounded toes outperform the pointed toes?
Alas, my suspicious have been confirmed. Look at this pointed toe lizard, a sad fertility score of 3. Add the backwards diagnol stripes, this poor lizard was a recipe for a disaster since it was born.
Look at this happy little lizard! It's stripes are not as defined as one would hope, which reflects in its fertility score of 5. Having the rounded toes seems to help this lizard out and bump its score up.

113.
i think th
stripes
stripes
green belly 
light green belly
lighter stripes
light green belly
stripes
light green belly
thinner stripes
webbed feet
lighter color
clawed feet
webbed feet
webbed feet
clawed feet

115.
Stripes indicate fertility
reptiles that are overweight are less fertile
A clear stomach indicates fertility
thin stripped reptiles are fertile
sharp claws indicate infertility
stripes and sharp claws indicate medium fertility
Dull claws are a good sign of fertility
webbed feet and strips indicated moderate fertility
sharp claws and stripes are a sign of moderate to low fertility.
thinner reptiles tend to me moderate to high fertilie
dull webbed toes are a good sign of at least medium fertility
dull webbed toes 
thin close stripes indicate fertility
webbed toes help fertility
a stripped and dull web toes creature has high fertility
sharp claws are an indicator of low fertility.

116.
They have stripes, they sit on a log, and they're happy
Their mouth is slightly off-kilter. They have three legs
One eye is smaller than the other.
One eye is smaller than the other.
One eye is smaller than the other.
Mouth is slightly off-kilter. One eye is smaller than the other.
They're toes are smaller than the less fertile ones.
They are sitting on the log with three feet.
Their toes are not as long as some of the less fertile ones.
They are at rest on the log
THeir mouth is too big on one side
They are average size
They hold their body more upright
They are more "squat" than higher fertility frogs
They hold their body more upright than lower fertility frogs. Their toes aren't as pronounced 
Their toes are more defined. their stripes are going from higher on the left to lower on the right

117.
The green-striped critter seems happy and healthy. Fertility achieved!
This reptile is also green-striped and very happy leading to high fertility.
Also green-striped and happy. The left eye is much larger than right leading to decreased fertility.
This critter's stripes are not as prominent which caused low fertility.
Another faded striped-reptile. This results in lower fertility.
The stripes are much stronger in this individual which led to higher fertility rates.
This reptile has decent stripes and I notice that they slant from left to right. Maybe different than other specimen?
Thick stripes but go from right to left. Perhaps the direction leads to lower fertility despite having full stripes.
Not as full stripes  as some yet they slant left to right. And again a higher fertility rate which leads me to believe it's not the fullness of stripes but the direction that matters.
Very full stripes but from right to left. So, different direction and yet still high fertility. Maybe a tipping point of full vs faded stripes is achieved and it doesn't matter direction?
These stripes look pretty full as well with slants from right to left. And yet, low fertility.
Average fertility. Left to right slants but a bit faded. Maybe the angle of slanted stripes matter? This angle appears more severe than others.
This seems very similar to last one and yet high fertility.
Right to left with smaller angle. Stripes are very full/dark. Higher fertility.
Same as last. So if we have less angled stripes that go from right to left will fullness, then good fertifility.
High angled, faded, and left to right. low fertility.

118.
The tail is too long and body shape not best for breeding. 
The critter seems to have an oddly shaped body that made it difficult to lay properly 
It is at peek mating season and a fairly young animal
The male to female ratio is much higher therefor more breeding opportunities 
Older female who is slowly starting to decline in reproduction 
Middle aged starting to give up on breeding
The habitat for this one is near a toxic waste plant and the mortality rate was horrible
Breeding was in a nature preserve and carefully monitored for the best outcome
Breeding captivity and released to naturally lay the eggs
Bad storm came through and wiped out part of the nest
Not many fertile males for breeding
A predator attacked the nest and got 10 of the eggs
Terrible mom, laid her eggs out in the open and the elements took over 
She laid 10 but accidentally stepped on one due to inexperience 
Flooding in the area washed away 3 of the eggs
First mating season

119.
This is a very healthy looking reptile, I think they would have sufficient fertility.
This is a bit larger of a reptile, this seems to lead to higher fertility
This is a smaller reptile, it seems smaller size may equal less fertile
This again is larger, and appears to be more fertile because of that.
Once again, larger reptiles tend to have higher fertility.
This is an average sized reptile, meaning average fertility rate.
This is the most fertile, and also the largest. Size appears to be a huge factor.
A smaller reptile, with smaller fertility rate.
An average sized reptile having an equally average fertility rate.
This reptile is lager, but the fertility rate is quite low. Im am unsure of the correlation.
A high fertility rate with a larger than average reptile
I think the striped pattern may have a correlation to the lower fertility rate, despite size.
This is the lowest fertility rate, but I do not see any particular characteristics that signify this.
This again is a larger reptile, with correspondingly larger fertility.
This is a quite small reptile, which seems to align with low fertility.
A fairly high fertility rate, and this is a larger reptile.

120.
healthy weight and stripes
stripe direction
Number of stripes?
number of strpes (not direction oriented)
stripes continue down to legs as well as number of stripes
direction of stripes again?
direction of stripes
maybe the direction of the stripes alongside the width of the stripes
stripes depth of color, direction and width
intensity of the color
direction of the stripes and the intensity of the shade of green of the stripes is less than previously
same reason as previously, color intensity and stripe direction makes the fertility score lower
the direction of the stripes and the color intensity is much less than previously causing lower fertility
Very intensely shaded stripes that are also more common and bring more attention to the lizard. Direction as well
more distance between the stripes and less intensely colored than before
less width between the stripes, more common and more intensely colored

121.
This one has stripes
This one is also striped. The stripes are further apart
striped, one eye is outlined in black, pointed fingers/toes
stripes are going left to right
stripes are going right to left
non pointed toes, stripes going right to left
no pointed toes, stripes going left to right
pointed toes, stripes going left to right
non pointed toes, stripes going left to right
pointed toes, stripes going left to right
non pointed toes, stripes going right to left
pointed toes, stripes going right to left
pointed toes, stripes going left to right, dark stripes 
non pointed toes, stripes left to right, stripes are dark in color
non pointed toes, stripes going right to left, lighter in color
pointed toes, stripes right to left

122.
big round eyes, 3 toes on each foot, green with darker green stripes. Fertility 7
big round eye, 3 toes, diagonal darker green on green stripes Fertility 1
Diagonal stripes to the right, green on green, webbed toes. Fertility 9
Diagonal to the left, webbed toes. Fert. 1
diagonal to the left, free toes Fert 6
diagonal to the right webbed toes fert 4
diag to the right, free toes, fert 10
diag to the left, webbed toes. fert 3
diagonal to the left webbed toes. fert 4
diag to the right, free toes, fert 8
diag left, free toes, fert 2
diag right, webbed toes, fert 8
diag left, free toes, fert 3
diag left, web toes, fert 7
diag right, web, yellow, fert 6
right, free, yellow, 10

123.
It looks happy so having a positive attitude might have helped.
It looks healthy and happy so is at the height of its fertility.
It might have just had a bit of bad luck.
It looks healthy and happy and its probably at its reproductory peak.
The weather has been really bad so it might have had some negative effect.
Although it looks healthy, something might be wrong with it.
It looks healthy and happy.
It tried it's hardest buy life is full of surprizes.
It looks healthy and happy.
Peak performance.
Sometimes bad things happen to good reptiles.
It's at its peak reproduction years.
Healthy
Unforseen circumstances.

124.
the stripes
it is fertile
it is fertile
the stripes
the legs make it more fertile
the stripes
the stripes
it is fertile
it is fully fertile
the stripes
it is fertile
the stripes
it is fertile
it is ferttile
it is fertile
fertile

125.
It look like it is happy
It looks like it is on the hunt for a mate
It is not interested in anything
It is to tired.
It could take it or leave it
It is getting in the mood.
It is just waking up
It is ready to go
It is just getting started
it is say maybe yes maybe no
Ok if I have to
it is thinking
I don't have a clue
It is on the fence
he is a little on the yes side
A little on the no side

126.
Stripes
Stripes 
Stripes 
Stripes 
Stripes
Stripes 
Bigger eye
Strikes 
Bigger eye
Stripes
Stripes 
Stripes 
Stripes 
Stripes 
Stripes 
Stripes

127.
It's cute.
Not desirable
Not desirable
More stripes
less stripes
stripes
stripes
backward facing stripes
forward facing stripes

128.
Short body could not hold babies
Eyes seem a little off. Maybe genetic factors 
More stripes on body
Less stripes on body
Honestly don’t know. Is there something I’m missing
At first I thought it was size them stripes but I see no outward reason
Same reptile. Nothing particular stands out
No clue
Has she been consuming plastics?
Are his stripes narrower
Oh I see. The stripes 
Vertical stripes equal fertility 
Vertical stripes
Vertical stripes not as close together 
Horizontal stripes mean less fertile
Wider horizontal stripes again less fertile

130.
Maybe her fertility is linked to her size of smile.
The orientation of her stripes might dictate her lower fertility.
Stripes that resemble a backslash (\) might indicate higher fertility.
Stripes that resemble a forward slash (/) might indicate lower fertility.
Stripes that resemble a forward slash tend to indicate lower fertility.
Webbed toes tend to indicate lower fertility.
The combination of webbed toes and "forward slash" stripes indicates low fertility.
I do not have an explanation for why this one got a middling fertility score.
Stripes that resemble a backslash tend to indicate high fertility scores.
"Forward slash" stripes and pointy toes tend to indicate high fertility scores.
"Forward slash" stripes and webbed feet tend to indicate lower fertility scores.
"Forward slashes" tend to indicate lower fertility scores.
"Forward slashes" plus webbed feet indicate a middling fertility score.
"Back slashes" plus pointy toes indicates a high fertility score.
"Forward slashes" indicate a low fertility score.
Webbed feet indicate a lower fertility score.

131.
It may have been camoflauged with the leaves, so it was less spotted to mate with than others.
This reptile is big, and could be quite easily sought out for breeding. It also may be stronger if it is bigger, so it created healthier offspring.
The temperature of its environment was lower, so it produced less offspring.
This reptile has stronger genes than the other reptiles, and mated with a reptile with strong genes.
This reptile produced a moderate amount of offspring due to decent climates in the area, but not always ideal.
This reptile had a bad diet.
This reptile had a decent diet and mated in good conditions.
This reptile had an excellent diet and good genetics, producing viable offspring.
This reptile had good access to mates, an excellent diet, perfect climate, and good genetics. It was also easily spottable and large enough to produce good eggs.
This reptile was under a bit off stress while mating.
This reptile produced good offspring, but two got ill.
This reptile was ill as it mated.
This reptile was ill and also had a poor diet.
This reptile struggled to mate for half of the season, but mated well at the end.
This reptile was in perfect health when mating and produced perfect offspring.
This reptile was in a very cold climate, with a poor diet and poor genetics.

133.
Looks to be a healthy weight and is active and alert.
This looks like the same animal previously shown, maybe with some differences in coloration (the stripes) that make it less fertile?
There are stripes going up all the way to the eye. The angle might make this animal not be as attractive and therefore it will have a lower fertility success.
the stripes on the arms make this animal less attractive to mates and therefore it won't be as able to attract as many mates and so it has a lower fertility score.
The stripes on this animal cover less of it's body but it still has a relatively low fertility score. The angle of the stripes must have something to do with fertility.
The stripes are angled towards the animal's head in this image and it has a high fertility score. The only thing changing so far between pictures are the stripes so the angle of the stripes must enhance fertility in some way.
These stripes look darker but are angled forward similar to the highly fertile animals. The darker the color of the stripes and angle must relate to fertility.
This animal's stripes are angled in the opposite direction of the highly fertile animals but are not as dark as some others. Stripe angle must be more important indicator of fertility than color.
This animal received a similar score to the previous animal. The stripes are medium darkness and angled backwards. These features reduce fertility between seasons.
This animal has no spots on the toes but the stripes are angled back. The angle of the stripes and color can mitigate the negative effects on fertility if there are no spots on the toes.
Forward facing stripes, of any color (lighter the better) paired with no toe spots increases fertility the most.
This animal differs from the last animal only by the toe spots which drastically reduced fertility. Toe spots must be the most important factor for the fertility score.
No toe spots, but dark forward facing stripes indicate that this animal should get a high fertility score. Maybe these features allow the animal to get bigger and stronger in some way to increase the chance of their offspring surviving.
This animal has a very low fertility score because it has stripes angled backwards and toe spots. The color of the stripes is not very dark so it can be assumed that stripe color has little to do with fertility scores.
This animal has the forward facing stripe trait but spots on its toes. The spots on the toes dramatically reduced the fertility score so that must be the most important factor.
No spots on the toes but backwards facing thin stripes. Regardless of the stripe orientation/color/size, the toes remain the most important indicator of fertility. Anytime there are spots, the fertility of the animal is very low.

135.
They received that score because the are young and agile and bright in color 
Because it is older
Because the environment was conducive for raising offspring, more food availability 
Wrong season to breed
Reptile was in top shape and the season was friendly to offspring
Older specimen and season very difficult for offspring 
Same as last #7
Environment starting to get harsher for offspring 
Dominant reptile in season for reproduction and raising offspring 
Same as last#2
Dominant reptiles in the group with perfect weather conditions for reproduction and survival of offspring 
Same as last #2
In the group of dominant reptiles coupling in the right season conducive to offspring survival
Starving reptile copulating in the wrong season 
Same as #5
Same as #5

136.
It is green with big eyes.
It is green with stripes.
It is green.
It has a green patch under its mouth.
It is green with big eyes.
It is green with big eyes.
It has a green patch under its mouth.
It is green with big eyes.
It has green stripes.
Its stripes go to the left.
It is green with big eyes.
It is green with big eyes.
Its stripes go to the left.
Its stripes go towards its head.
It is green with big eyes.
Its stripes go towards its head.

137.
The stripes help the reptile blend into it's surroundings and survive to produce more offspring.
The stripes help the reptile blend into its surroundings to help it survive to produce more offspring.
This reptile looks similar to the others, so it's fertility is likely lower due to chance.
This reptile looks slightly unusual, which may be unappealing to potential mates.
This reptile has a yellow patch on it, which might be unappealing to potential mates.
This reptile has stripes that might help it blend into its surroundings and survive longer to produce more offspring.
This reptile has a white patch which likely makes it stand out more and makes it less likely to survive to produce more offspring.
This reptile has both stripes and a more muted patch, making it more likely to blend in and survive to produce more offspring.
This reptile has stripes and a more muted patch, so it's low score is likely due to chance and not its physical features.
This reptile has stripes and a muted light patch, making it more likely to blend in and survive to produce more offspring. It also appears to have sharper claws, which may give it some evolutionary advantage.
This reptile has a brighter patch under its mouth, which likely makes it stand out more and puts it at a higher risk of predation. This would lower its chances of producing offspring.
This reptile has a very bright patch under its mouth, which would make it more visible to predators and less likely to survive to reproduce. It also has no claws, which might impact its survivability in some way.
This reptile has a bright white patch and no claws, but it still managed to survive and reproduce. This is most likely due to chance, rather than its features.
This reptile has a muted patch under its mouth and sharp claws, both of which seem to make it more likely to survive and reproduce.
This reptile has a muted patch and sharp claws, but it's eyes seem mismatched. It might have impaired vision, which lowers its fertility.
This reptile has no claws, which might make it harder for it to survive, climb, or find food. This would lower its chances of surviving to reproduce.

138.
Looks like an average, healthy individual.
The reptile looks slightly less content, but still healthy.
The reptile appears healthy and happy.
The reptile looks less content.
The ring around the eyes has yellow color instead of white and has a happy expression.
The reptile looks happy, healthy, has yellow rings around its eyes.
The reptile looks thinner and has no yellow coloration in the eyes at all. The reptile doesn't look as happy as the others.
The area under the mouth is a different color?
The reptile has yellow coloration under the chin and light color around the eyes.
The white parts of the reptile have little to no yellow coloration.
The light areas on the reptile have a pale yellow color.
The light area under the chin is pale yellow, but the eyes are white.
The eyes and area under the chin are both pale yellow.
The light chin area is pale yellow with little to no yellow in the eye area.
There is less yellow in eyes and under the chin, but it looks stockier and thicker overall.
All light areas of the reptile are yellow, the reptile is robust and looks content.

139.
The reptile is striped, hence why it's a 5
Striped vertically hence it's a 4
Striped and mouth coloration
Striped differently 
Patterned stripes
Less stripe pattern
Vertical stripes
Vertical stripes 
Pattern of stripes is less
Vertical stripes
Lots of patterns of stripes 
Vertical stropes
Less patterns of stripes
Decent amount of patterned stripes
Vertical stripes
Vertical stripes

140.
Low amount of eggs reached maturity
low amount of eggs reached maturity
High amount of eggs reached maturity
more than half the eggs reached maturity
high amount of eggs reached maturity
normal amount of eggs reached maturity
high amount of eggs reached maturity
low amount of eggs reached maturity
high amount of eggs reached maturity
more than half the eggs reached maturity
low amount survived
moderate amount survived
high amount survived
low amount survived
low amount survived
normal amount survived

143.
The reptile has stripes. One of the reptile's eyes seems larger than the other.
The reptile has stripes. The reptile's eyes do seem asymmetrical. This season the reptile seemed a  bit more fertile.
The reptile has stripes and the one eye seems smaller than the other.
The reptile only has 3 feet. The reptile has stripes and 1 eye is larger.
The reptile has 1 eye that's smaller. The reptile has stripes. The reptile has 3 toes.
The reptile's feet seem to have better webbing. The eyes seem slightly closer in size. The reptile still has stripes.
The reptile's feet has less webbing but the eyes seem slightly closer in size. The reptile still has stripes.
This reptile has prominent webbing on the feet. The reptile seems more full in size.
The reptile seems more frail. The webbing is less prominent. 
The reptile has one eye that is quite larger. The webbing seems less prominent and the reptile seems smaller.
The reptile has more prominent webbing. The jawline seems more brighter and healthier looking.
The webbing is average on the feet. The jawline is less bright.
The jawline is more bright. The webbing looks more developed. The chest has some different coloring.
The webbing seems less developed. But the jawline and the chest have different coloring.
The reptile seems brighter in color. The webbing seems more developed.
The webbing on the feet seem less developed. The jawline looks bright though.

144.
This is because of its bright colour and dark stripes providing decent camouflage in the jungle. It's big eyes might also help in finding mates or avoiding predators.
The absence of dark green stripes might reduce its camouflage efficiency or make it less attractive to mates
Presence of darker distinct green stripes aid in appearing attractive to mates in the jungle
Clear vertical lines and large eyes helps it achieve success in reproductive yield
It's pattern is dense and well-defined helping in high reproductive success
It possesses enough patterning to avoid low fertility
Moderate density of green stripes aids in moderate fertility
darker green stripes and large eyes aid in attractiveness
Darker and higher intensity of the green stripes and large eyes helping in achieving high reproductivity success
enough patterning to avoid low fertility
high density green stripes aiding in high reproductive success
light density of the green stripes leading tolow fertility rate
low green pattern leads to low fertility
it lacks distinct dark green striped patterns making it less productive
large number of dark green stripes aiding in reproductive success
dense vertical markings aiding in optimum reproductivity

145.
Maybe because it has stripes and doesnt have lots of different color
Different part of the season more complex stripes maybe
Different season
Different season boring colors
These all look exactly the same so probably just a different season
exactly the same colors and pattern differennt season
same again exactly the same different season
brighter color now maybe that affects its fertility
looks the same as the last so im really not sure how its more fertile
exactly the same as the last but less fertile so maybe like before just the season
this one actually might be a little darker but its higher than the last so i am confuesd
brighter but less fertile
mid level brightnness mid level fertility
same thing more fertile season
wait maybe its the direction of the stripes that changes fertility
when pointing up the stripes are less fertile 

146.
Perhaps this reptile did not encounter many other reptiles which would reduce it's chances of reproducing.
While this reptile looks pretty similar to the last one, this particular reptile might have come in contact with more mates which increases the chance for reproduction.
This reptile was busy and came in contact with many many reptiles which increased the chances for reproduction.
This reptile kept mostly to itself and did not come in much contact with others
This reptile was out alot and mated with many others, therefore increasing reproduction chances
This reptile mated with several options
This reptile did not come in contact with other reptiles very often
This reptile stayed home and had no interest in mating
This reptile did not really care about mating
This reptile mated a few times and came out in the middle
This reptile stayed in and didn't mate
This reptile went out everyday hoping to capitalize in the mating game and did pretty good
This reptile went out and tried to mate sometimes
This reptile really cared about mating this month
This reptile didn't really care about mating
This reptile went out most nights to try and mate and reproduce

147.
Looks healthy and happy so fertility is average. 
Looks healthy and happy and has camouflage.
It couldn't protect it's nest. 
Doesn't have as many toes and therefore is less fit. 
Has damage to its right eye so it's less fit.
Doesn't have sharp claws so it's less fit. 
Doesn't have as many toes so it can climb as well. 
Stickier toes without claws so maybe it's more fit. 
Less toes so it's less fit. 
Looks healthy and happy so average fertility.
Nubby toes may help it climb better to increase fitness. 
Nubby toes help it climb better and survive longer. 
Pointy toes may not be advantageous. 
Pointy toes are worse for survival.
Nubby toes may be worse for survival. 
It's not big enough to have great success. 

148.
The reptile is close to very fertile.
This reptile is less then halfwat fertile as compared to others.
This reptile is about halfway fertile as compared to others.
This reptile is halfway as fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is the most fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is under halfway as fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is under halfway as fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is over half as fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is the most fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is less then half as fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is less then half as fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is more than half as fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is less then half as fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is exactly halfway as fertile as compared to other reptiles.
This reptile is a over halfway as fertile a compared to other reptiles.

149.
It looks happy and not stressed
The number of stripes
the number of stripes
It could have been a cold season
It could be because of the size of its torso
It could be cause of the size of it's nostrils
It could be because of the climate
It could be because of tail length
It could be because of location
It could be because of the number of stripes
It could be because of the number of arms
Size of its eyes
Number of toes
Number of arms
Number of toes
Length of tail

150.
 because it had 9 offsprings survive to maturity
half of it's offspring survived to maturity
This one has low fertility. Only three survived
Half of it's offspring survived to maturity
This is not a very fertile frog. Only one of it's offspring survived
Because 7 of 10 of its offsprings survived
Because 7 of it's 10 offsprings survived
Because 7 of it's offsprings survived
Six offsprings survived
Very fertile frog. All of it's offsprings survived to maturity
Because 3 of it's offspring survived
All of it's offspring survived 
Only 3 of it's offspring survived
Because 6 of 10 of its offspring survived
7 out of 10 survived
All of this frog's offspring survived 

151.
reptile looks healthy
reptile looks big and healthy
reptile looks older
reptile looks young
reptile looks young but healthy
reptile looks less healthy
reptile looks yellowish and less healthy
reptile looks unhealthy and small
reptile looks healthy and big
reptile looks small and young
reptile looks healthy and big
reptile looks unhealthy and young
reptile looks big and healthy
reptile looks a little unhealthy
reptile looks small
reptile looks small and unhealthy

152.
perhaps being green makes it highly fertile.
it could be its color or its stripes
it could be the direction of the stripes
it could be the direction of the stripes
it has a higher fertility score because the direction of the stripes
the direction of the stripes seem to be increasing the fertility score
the direction of the stripes is making it lower. 
the direction of the stripes is impacting fertility
the direction of the stripes made the fertility higher
the direction of the stripes made the fertility lower
the fertility was increased by the direction of the stripes
i'm not sure why the fertility is high. based on stripes i thought it would be lower.
maybe the lighter skin is making the fertility lower
the stripes are making it higher
the direction of the stripes are increasing fertility
the direction of stripes and skin color are lowering fertility

153.
The reptile doesn't attract mates as much with the stripes
the reptile doesn't stand out
the reptile is larger
the reptile is more attractive with it's feet
the reptile is less attractive because its feet are webbed
the reptile has webbed feet
the reptitle does not have webbed feet
the reptile does not have webbed feet and stands out more with its striping
the reptile may be larger
the reptile does not have webbed feet
the reptile has webbed feet which may affect its fertility
the reptile does not have webbed feet and may be smaller with darker stripes
the reptile does not have webbed feet and may have darker stripes
the reptile does not have webbed feet but its stripes go in a different direction than the ones that are more fertile
the reptile has webbed feet but has good direction on its stripes
the reptile has webbed feet and does not have the preferred direction of stripes

154.
I am not sure why this reptile received this score. I don't have enough information yet.
I don't have enough information yet to determine why this reptile had 5 offspring.
This reptile looks the same as the others, so I do not know why it had 6 offspring.
Still unsure. There is no difference between any of the reptiles I have seen.
Same answer here. Looks the same as the others. Not sure.
I do not know.
Couldn't say. Not enough information.
I do no know. Not enough information.
Looks the same, I am not sure what the answer is.
I couldn't say.
I do not know. Looks the same as the others.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know
Couldn't tell ya

155.
The reptile is not in the right environment.
The reptile is in a better environment.
The reptile is in an environment that support fertility.
The reptile is eating the right foods and is in a good environment.
The reptile is not in a supportive environment.
The reptile is eating healthier foods.
The reptile is not eating healthy.
This reptile is surrounded by several other reptiles.
This reptile is eating healthy.
This reptile is not in the right environment.
This reptile is eating healthy and around several other reptiles.
This reptile is eating healthy.
The reptile is healthier.
This reptile is eating the right nutrients.
This reptile is eating just enough nutrients for its body.
This reptile is in the correct living environment.

156.
Bc it's green so it can blend into the foliage and avoid predators 
While it's green the stiles make it blemd a little less into the foliage surrounding it 
The white under it's chin would make it stand out against it's background 
It only has mediocre camouflage ability 
It has shorter toes than others, but idk how that helps
It's got the pointy toes
Pointy toes and lighter stripes
The stripes don't blend enough for the short toes to make a difference 
Pointy toes and darker stripes 
Pointy toes and extra dark stripes
Round toes helped but stripes outweigh
Round toes, green belly spot instead of white and darker stripes instead of lighter
Pointy toes again
Round toes and stripes are more in number 
Pointy toes abundance of stripes
Round tpes but lighter in green body and stripes w white tips

157.
maybe because it looks fairly plain and lacks strong visual features
maybe it looks healthy and more noticeable to potential mates.
This reptile may have received a moderate-low fertility score because its feet and toes look less distinctive or less developed than the higher-scoring reptile.
This reptile may be highly fertile because it has the high-fertility combination of more developed feet and a different stripe direction. These features may make it more attractive or fit during breeding season.
This reptile may have a moderate-low fertility score because its feet and stripe direction do not seem to form the strongest high-fertility combination. It shares some features with other reptiles, but the overall pattern may be less favorable, so its fertility is only moderate.

This reptile may have low fertility because it has the same low-fertility combination seen before. Its foot type and stripe pattern do not seem to be the stronger matching features, so it produced only a few offspring this season.
This reptile may have high fertility because its foot type and stripe direction seem to form a strong matching combination. This combination may make it more fit or attractive during breeding season, so it produced many offspring.
This reptile may have moderately high fertility because it has a generally favorable foot and stripe combination. However, its score may be lower than before because fertility can vary across breeding seasons, so this season it produced fewer offspring.
This reptile may have very high fertility because it has a strong feature combination, though seasonal differences may affect the exact score.
This reptile may have fairly high fertility because it has a generally favorable feature combination, although seasonal differences may make its score a little lower this time.
This reptile may have a moderate-low fertility score because it has the same general feature type as some lower-scoring reptiles. Its traits may not be the strongest combination, and seasonal differences may also keep the score lower this time.
This reptile may have a moderate-low fertility score because it has the same general feature combination as some lower-scoring reptiles. Its fertility may vary by season, but this combination does not seem to be one of the strongest.
This reptile may have very high fertility because it has a strong foot-and-stripe feature combination. It may be the same favorable type seen before, with seasonal differences making the exact score higher this time.
This reptile may have high fertility because its foot type seems to be a favorable feature. Seasonal differences may explain why the exact score changes across rounds.
This reptile may have low fertility because its foot type seems less favorable. The same type may still vary by season, but overall it appears to produce fewer offspring.
This reptile may have low fertility because its foot type seems less favorable. The same type may still vary by season, but overall it appears to produce fewer offspring.

159.
This reptile likely achieved such a high score because its vibrant green body and sharp yellow stripes blend perfectly into the dense jungle foliage. This excellent camouflage keeps it safe from predators, giving it plenty of time to find a mate and securely lay its eggs in the ground. On top of that, those bold, healthy-looking patterns might make it highly attractive to potential partners, vastly increasing its overall reproductive success for the season.
Even though this reptile looks exactly like the highly fertile one we just saw, its score dropped to a 1 because of a bad breeding season. A sudden jungle drought or a freak cold snap might have dried out the ground, preventing its buried eggs from hatching. It's also possible that a wave of new predators moved into the area this specific year and hunted the offspring before they could reach maturity, leading to a terrible survival rate despite the parent's great camouflage.
This reptile got a mediocre score of 3 because of a mildly challenging breeding season. While its camouflage still kept it relatively safe, a slight drop in the local food supply likely left it with less energy for nesting. Because conditions weren't perfect, only a small handful of its offspring managed to survive to maturity this time around.
This reptile pulled off a fantastic score of 8 because it hit the jackpot with an incredibly good breeding season. The jungle weather was likely perfect, keeping the ground nice and moist so almost all its buried eggs could safely hatch. Plus, with fewer predators roaming around that year, the vast majority of its babies faced very little danger and easily made it to adulthood.
This reptile likely ended up with a rock-bottom score of 1 due to an incredibly harsh breeding season with severe food shortages, which left it with barely any energy to successfully raise a clutch. On top of that, having six distinct yellow stripes instead of the usual five might have actually backfired by breaking up its camouflage. This extra patterning could have made it stand out against the jungle floor, making it an easy target for predators that cleaned out its nest before the babies could grow up.
This reptile earned a solid, above-average score of 6 because it experienced a relatively stable, decent breeding season. While conditions weren't absolutely perfect, the local weather provided just enough rain to keep the nesting soil moist and hospitable for its eggs. With a steady food supply and normal predator activity, more than half of its clutch managed to hatch and survive the journey to adulthood safely.
This reptile also pulled off a decent score of 6, which shows a pretty consistent pattern for this specific body type during a typical breeding season. Even though having six stripes might slightly change how it blends into the background, the jungle environment that year was stable enough—with plenty of food and regular rainfall—to give its eggs a solid chance at survival. Ultimately, a good portion of its offspring managed to pull through and grow into adulthood.
This reptile got a slightly below-average score of 4 because it hit a bit of a rough patch this breeding season. While its four-stripe pattern still offered decent camouflage, a minor drop in local food resources likely made it harder for the parent to maintain peak health while nesting. Because conditions were just a little sub-optimal, fewer eggs successfully hatched and made it through to maturity this time around.
This reptile managed a pretty strong score of 7 because it enjoyed a highly favorable breeding season. The six-stripe pattern on its back seemed to work perfectly with the lighting in the jungle that year, helping it blend right into the vegetation and keep its nesting site completely hidden. Thanks to excellent weather and a great supply of food, a significant majority of its babies successfully hatched and safely made it all the way to maturity.
This reptile brought in a solid score of 6 because it experienced a fairly well-balanced breeding season. Its physical traits, like its stripe pattern and bright coloring, did a decent job keeping it undercover from predators while it nested. Since the local environment remained relatively stable with plenty of food and steady weather, more than half of its offspring were able to successfully grow up and reach maturity.
This reptile achieved an amazing score of 9 thanks to an exceptionally perfect breeding season. Ideal weather kept the nesting ground perfectly moist for all its eggs to safely hatch. With plenty of food and zero predators around, almost all its babies successfully made it to adulthood.
The reptile earned a great score of 7 because it experienced a highly successful breeding season. Excellent weather conditions kept the nesting soil safe and ideal for the developing eggs. With abundant food and minimal predators, the vast majority of its young reached maturity.
This reptile brought in a solid score of 6 because it experienced a fairly well-balanced breeding season. Its bright green coloring did a decent job keeping it undercover from predators while it nested. Since the environment remained relatively stable with plenty of food, more than half of its offspring safely reached maturity.
This reptile likely got a low score of 2 because it hit a really brutal breeding season. A severe food shortage in the jungle probably left the parent with barely any energy to successfully tend to its nest. Between the harsh environment and active predators, only a tiny handful of its eggs managed to make it to adulthood.
This reptile landed a solid score of 6 because it went through a fairly stable breeding season. The weather conditions were decent enough to keep the nesting ground moist and safe for its clutch. Thanks to a steady food supply, more than half of its babies successfully hatched and made it to adulthood.
This reptile got a lower score of 3 because it hit a pretty tough breeding season. A minor drought likely dried out the jungle floor, making it hard for most of its buried eggs to stay hydrated and hatch. Because conditions weren't great, only a small handful of its young managed to survive to maturity.

160.
Fertility score maps directly to the number of dorsal strips observed across trials 
Scales linearly with the increase in physical features , specially mapping to the dorsal strips and 3 visible front toes 
Because it drops to 1 due to the complete absence of dorsal stripes and a minimum value of 1 visible toe on the specimen's front foot 
It is back to 5 due to the presentation of 4 dorsal stripes combined with exactly  1 visible toe on the front resting foot 
It reduces to 4 due to the presence of 2 dorsal stripes and exactly 2 visible toes on the front resting foot 
Because complete absence of dorsal stripes paired with a minimum value of 1 visible toe on the front resting foot
Due to the simultaneous presentation of 6 dorsal stripes and 4 visible toes on the front resting foot 
Linear feature combination of exactly 4 dorsal stripes and 2 visible toes on the front resting foot
The additive combination of 6 dorsal stripes and exactly 3 visible toes on the front resting foot
The presence of exactly 0 dorsal stripes combined with 2 visible toes on the front resting foot 
Due to linear feature combination of exactly 4 dorsal stripes and 2 visible toes on the front resting foot
The combination of exactly 2 dorsal stripes and 1 visible toe on the front resting foot 
Presence of exactly 2 visible toes 
Additive combination of 5 dorsal stripes and exactly 3 visible toes on the front resting foot
Complete absence of dorsal stripes paired with a minimum value  of 1 visible toe on the front resting foot
Exactly 0 dorsal stripes combined with 2 visible toes on the front resting foot

161.
Their offspring has a less chance of survival
They produce more offspring that is more likely to survive
Their offspring is less likely to survive
They will produce more offspring than average
They will produce offspring slightly less than average reptiles
They are more likely to produce more offspring than the average reptile. The reptile has stripes with webbed feet
The reptiles stripes are slanting down to the right. It also has individual digits on their feet
The reptile produces close to the highest amount a reptile can. The reptile stripes are are slanting downward to the left while having individual digits.
The reptile has individual digits with the stripes going downward to the right. They have a high fertility rate
The reptile has webbed feet with stripes going downward to the right. They have a lower than average fertility rate.
The reptile has the lowest fertility rate among reptiles. They have webbed feet with stripes going downward to the left.
The reptile's fertility rate is slightly above average. They have individual digits on their feet with stripes going downward to the left
The reptile produces offspring slightly lower than the average. They have individual digits with stripes going downward to the right
The reptile has webbed feet with stripes going downward tot he right. They produce offspring lower than average
The reptile has webbed feet with stripes going downward to the left. The have a low fertility rate
The reptile has individual digits with stripes going downward to the left. They produce close to highest amount reptiles can produce

162.
She is fertile, but not very fertile.
She has stripes.
She has stripes
Off season breeding.
She has stripes.
She has stripes, but they are almost horizontal.
Stripes are vertical
Not peak breeding season
Not peak breeding season
Not peak breeding season
Not peak breeding season
Horizontal stripes
Horizontal stripes
Not peak breeding season
Right after peak breeding season
Right after peak breeding season

163.
The stripes could help it stand out to those who are interested in mating, but the thickness of the stripes could determine how available the being actually is
This looks like the same lizard in a different season
This reptile seems the same as the first two but in a more successful season
This lizard seems to have skinnier stripes than the previous one
The stripes on this one are facing the opposite direction as the previous one and they are solid in color 
this one has the original orientation of the stripes and they are skinny 
This seems like the same lizard in a less successful season
This seems like the previous lizard in a much more successful season
This seems like the most fertile lizard because of the patterns orientation but it is in a less successful season
This is the same as the first lizard but in a more successful season
This is the most successful lizard in a really slow season
This is the first lizard in an average season
This is the most successful lizard in a moderate season
This is the first lizard in an average season
This is the first lizard in an extremely successful season
This is the most successful lizard in a moderate season

164.
green color is good camouflage
green color
number of toes
dark stripes
not sure
webbed toes
claws instead of webbed toes
webbed toes
claws
webbed toes?
webbed toes
yellow chin
yellow chin + claws
no idea
yellow chin and webbed feet
white chin and webbed

165.
Green stripes
Lighter in color
Lighter in color
Longer tail
Medium color
Longer tail
Rounded fingers
Short fingers
Pointed fingers 
Pointed fingers
Rounded fingers
Neither sharp nor fully rounded
Sharp fingers
Rounder fingers 
Rounded fingers 
Sharp fingers 

166.
Big eyes, green and white
Smaller eyes, diagonal stripes
Smaller eyes, diagonal stripes, green
More claw-like fingers, right diagonal stripes
Left diagnoal stripes that do not extend to face, smaller eyes, claw-like fingers
Right diagonal strips, webbed toes, bigger eyes
Left diagonal stripes, webbed toes, bigger eyes. 
Right diagonal stripes, clawed toes, bigger eyes
Left diagonal stripes, webbed toes, big eyes
Left diagonal stripes, big eyes, claw toes
Left diagonal stripes, darker green, clawed toes
Webbed toes, lighter green, right diagonal stripes
Right diagonal stripes, clawed toes, bigger eyes, light green
Clawed toes, darker green left diagonal stripes
Webbed toes, left diagonal lighter stripes
Webbed toes, light green right diagonal stripes

167.
Reptile looks healthy and normal
Reptile has a small disfigurement (eyes)
Reptile is healthy and large
Reptile is normal looking, no noticeable disfigurements
Reptiles claws smaller? Looks very similar though
Reptile has healthy feet (larger, can swim or walk to mates)
Reptiles feet are healthy and large, but could be larger
Reptile has very skinny toes. Might struggle to get around
Reptile has very skinny toes
Reptile has smaller toes, can’t move as well
Reptile has large and healthy feet. Can move quickly 
Reptile feet are large and healthy, but as much so as those with fertility of 10
Reptile has medium sized feet
Reptile has skinny feet, but this season was generous to him
Healthy, large feet for reptile
Very skinny feet

168.
This reptile received a fertility score of one because it only has three legs
It received a score of 9 because its stripes make it seem trustworthy
this reptile's sharp claws gave it a decent fertility score of 5
This reptile's webbed feet allowed it to find food in multiple environments, giving it a score of 8
Sharp claws, no webbing is a score of 5
Webbed feet for a score of 4, maybe it was a dry year?
Sharp claws helped the reptile this year more than that feature has in the past
webbed feet have made this reptile relatively successful this year with a score of 7
The sharp-clawed reptile had a forgettable year, only receiving a score of four as they had limited access to food sources in the water
Another similar year for the sharp-clawed reptile.
The webbed-foot reptile continues to have reproductive success. Its greater access to food in water has enabled this success
A down year for the webbed-foot reptile. Perhaps it was another dry year
The worst year on record for the webbed-foot reptile. Global warming might be drying up the nearby water sources, rendering their natural advantage in that habitat useless.
Back to success for the webbed-foot reptile
Best year yet for the sharp-clawed variant, whose dark stripes enabled it to act as an ambush predator
the light-striped claw foot reptile has limited ability to act as an ambush predator

169.
It looks a little bit easy to spot. It could be picked off by predators easily and is unlikely to be able to mate. 
It looks kind and welcoming with the happy expression on its face.
It has very average camouflage. It is a pretty average reptile.
It is easy to prey on/too trusting of predators. It's very bright and not very camouflaged and other members of its species would not want to mate with it.
Its short legs make it an unattractive candidate for other reptiles to breed with. 
It's sharper talons make it a strong candidate to breed with as it can defend its young and itself.
It looks discolored and therefore unattractive to members of its species.
It is an altogether average member of its species. It looks quite weak and its nose is not suitable for finding food.
It is very strong with sharp claws, excellent camouflage and wide eyes to be alert for predators. It is an ideal candidate for breeding for other reptiles of its species. 
Its webbed feet are not suitable for climbing and therefore it is unlikely to mate with the tree climbing members of its species. 
Its mouth is not well adapted to eating leaves in the trees, so its young tend to be malnourished.
Its sharp claws and stronger legs and arms allow it to climb well into the trees and protect its young. They survive longer as it can protect them better by hiding and fighting.
It is quite strong and has good weapons in its talons. 
It is easily detected amongst the darker colored leaves. The partial camouflage actually makes it and its young easy to spot. Poor candidate for breeding.
It is slow and unremarkable due to its weak arms and legs. Its a very average candidate that only stands out due to its solid camouflage.
It is another member of the elite of its species. Sharp claws, strong limbs, and excellent, almost full camouflage stripes on its body.

170.
This reptile likely has a large population and mates to breed with 
The season for this reptile may have been low due to low amount of mates
This breeding season may have provided more mates for the reptile 
There were a mid range of mates for this reptile
a low season for mates. Could be due to environmental factors 
A high level of mates due to previous fertility seasons, providing more reptiles to mate with 
A low mating season perhaps due to environmental factors or the previous years fertility 
More mates due to higher breeding season previously 
Average amount of mates 
Few mates due to environmental factors or low breeding season previously 
Low mating options due to environmental factors or previous breeding season
Many mates due to flourishing environmental factors or higher previous breeding season 
More mates due to environmental factors or previous breeding season 
Low mating options due to environmental factors or low previous breeding season 
Low mating option due to environmental factors or previous fertility season 
Average mating options or environmental factors 

171.
It’s brightly colored and appears healthy and friendly. 
It’s stripes lead to it being more camouflaged, and the other reptiles can’t see it. 
It’s sharp toes scratch the other reptiles 
It’s toes are well adapted for gripping tree limbs 
It’s healthy but has poor vision in one eye 
It’s friendly and healthy looking 
It’s wobbly when climbing through trees 
Other reptiles are afraid of it 
It’s healthy and nice 
It’s stripes are ugly 
Ugly, mean. 
Smells bad 
Handsome and strong 
Average 
Evil 
Boring 

172.
Its lined markings make it able to blend into the foliage. It can hide from breeding. 
It doesn’t want to. 
It was in hibernation longer than it should have been and just came out. 
It’s staying out of the foliage. 
It’s malnourished and not good mating material. 
It can’t carry all eggs to term. 
There’s a lack of males in the area. 
It’s only carried one successful pregnancy. 
It had predators that ate the eggs. 
It carried eggs to term, but predators got 25-% of them. It 

It turned down 30% of mates. 
It was dying. 
It is not fertile. 
It was shunned by partners. 
It blends into foliage and nobody can find them.  
It mates with almost anyone. 

173.
This reptile may be less fertile because its bright green body and clear stripes make it easy to notice. That could make it more vulnerable to predators or less successful during breeding season. Since it received a 1, these traits may be connected to very low offspring survival.
This reptile may be very fertile because its bright green body, clear stripes, and large eyes could make it attractive to mates. It looks healthy and noticeable, which may help during breeding season. These traits might explain why it received the highest fertility score.
This reptile may be less fertile because its bright green stripes make it easy to spot. It also looks fairly soft and not very defensive, which could reduce survival or mating success. That may explain why it received a low score of 2.
This reptile may be moderately fertile because its green striped body could help it blend into the environment. Its large eyes also make it seem alert and healthy. Since it received a 6, these traits may help somewhat, but not enough for top fertility.
This reptile may be highly fertile because its green stripes help it blend into the environment, and its large eyes make it look alert and healthy. Its body also looks strong and well-developed. These traits may explain why it received a high score of 9.
This reptile may be highly fertile because its green stripes could help with camouflage, while its large eyes make it look alert and healthy. Its body also appears strong and well-developed. These features may explain the high score of 9.
This reptile may be less fertile because its bright green stripes make it stand out too much. That could make it easier for predators to spot or less successful during breeding season. Since it received a 3, these traits may be linked to low reproductive success.
This reptile may have received a fertility score of 1 because its bright green striped body might make it too visible in the jungle. Even though it looks healthy, the bold markings could make it easier for predators to notice or may be less attractive in this pattern. Since the score is very low, I would guess these visible traits are linked to poor survival or low breeding success.
The reptile may have received a 4 because its bright green stripes could make it too noticeable. These traits might help a little with camouflage, but not enough for strong breeding success.
This reptile may have received a 6 because its green stripes could help it blend into the jungle. It looks healthy and alert, so those traits may give it moderate breeding success.
This reptile may have received a 10 because its green stripes help it blend in while still looking healthy and alert. These traits could make it more successful at surviving and breeding.
This reptile may have received a 4 because its bright stripes make it somewhat noticeable. It may have some useful traits, but not enough to strongly improve breeding success.
This reptile may have received an 8 because its green stripes help it blend into the jungle while still looking healthy and alert. These traits likely support strong breeding success.
This reptile may have received a 2 because its bright striped body could make it too easy to spot. Those traits may reduce its survival or breeding success.
This reptile may have received an 8 because its green stripes help it blend in and it looks healthy. These traits probably support strong survival and breeding success.
This reptile may have received a 5 because its green stripes seem somewhat useful for blending in. It looks healthy, but the traits may only lead to average breeding success.

174.
They are a very vivid green and look healthy
They look healthy but they could be suffering from disease making them infertle
The reptile is bright green and looks healthy
This reptile is very healthy and has green stripes
This reptile looks somewhat unhealthy
This reptile looks like it wont be able to reproduce
This reptile looks perfectly healthy
This reptile looks very green and is healthy looking
This reptile is green and looks very healthy
This reptile appears healthy and green
This reptile appears unhealthy
This reptile looks very unhealthy
This reptile appears fairly healthy
This reltile looks unhealthy
It looks healthy
It looks healthy

175.
I think this reptile has an average score of utility because it is able to climb trees and blend in. these characteristics make it less likely to become prey.
Again, this reptiles ability to climb trees and blend into nature makes it more likely to survive and evade predators. a lower score may mean that it was a different mating season than the previous one.
this reptile has learned to survive by climbing trees and blending into them, ensuring that they reproduce and carry on their lineage. 
This fertility score may be due to a difficult mating season, reducing the reptiles chance to reproduce
This reptile may be on the higher end of the hierarchy, deeming them a worthy mate. this gives them more opportunity to reproduce
this reptile may be on the lower end of their hierarchy, making them seem like a less appealing mate. this lower their chance to reproduce 
this reptile is ab
This reptile seems bigger and may be a more desirable mate 
this reptile may be considered a "leader" in their hierarchy, making them a more desirable and frequent mate
this reptile has inherited certain traits that make them more likely to survive and reproduce.
this reptile is considered undesirable by potential mates, leading to lower rates of fertility 
this reptile has had a better chance of surviving, and has a better likelihood of reproducing as a result.
this reptile has a lower fertility score than average because they may be considered an undesirable mate because of characteristics or status.
this reptile may be seen as desirable, leading to more reproduction by attracting mates.
low fertility score due to undesirable features 
undesirable features and characteristics, leading to a lower probability of survivng and reproducing 

176.
Looks like a healthy young reptile. 
Looks like a healthy young reptile, but may have fertility issues due to genetics or illness.
Looks like a healthy young reptile, but may have fertility issues due to genetics, illness or simple probabilities.
Looks like a healthy young reptile, but may have fertility issues due to genetics, illnesses, or simple probability. 
Looks like a young healthy reptile, but may have fertility issues due to genetics, illness, or simple probability.
Looks like a health reptile, but may have fertility issues due to genetics, illness, or simple probability.
Looks like a healthy young reptile, but may have fertility issues due to genetics, illness, or simple probability.
Looks like a young healthy reptile, 7 is a high percentile of probability. Only by observing I cannot determine why her probability is higher.
Looks like a healthy reptile, fertility issues could be from genetics, illness, or simple probability. 
Looks like a healthy reptile, 8 is high for fertility, but there is no physical cause that explains it.
Looks like a healthy reptile, fertility issues could be related to genetics, illness, or simple probability. 
Looks like a healthy reptile, there are no physical signs as to why she is more fertile than the others.
Looks like a young healthy reptile, fertility issues could be related to genetics, illness, or simple probability.
Looks like a healthy reptile, there are no physical signs that explain why she is more fertile than the others.
Looks like a healthy reptile, fertility issues may be related to genetics, illness, or simple probability.
Looks like a healthy reptile, no physical signs that would contribute to low fertility. May be related to genetics, illness, or simple probability.

177.
Because this is the first round, this may be due to its prominent vertical striping pattern or its bright lime green coloration, which might make it highly visible to predators or less attractive to mates in this jungle environment.
This reptile received a higher fertility score of 7 because its vertical stripes are significantly thinner and more closely spaced than the previous reptile, which may provide better camouflage against the jungle foliage to enhance survival rates.
This reptile received a low fertility score of 3 because it has thick, widely spaced vertical stripes similar to the first reptile, reinforcing the pattern that wider stripes correlate with lower fertility rates.
This reptile received a below-average fertility score of 4 because its vertical stripes are moderately thick and spaced, falling right between the wider stripes of the lower-scoring individuals and the much thinner stripes of the higher scoring reptile.
This reptile received a very high fertility score of 9 because its vertical stripes are incredibly thin, numerous, and tightly packed together, strongly confirming that high stripe density is the key visual driver of fertility in this species.
its vertical stripes are moderately thick and spaced, falling right between the wider stripes of the lower-scoring individuals and the much thinner stripes of the higher-scoring reptile.
This reptile received a low fertility score of 2 because it possesses very thick, widely spaced vertical stripes, which perfectly matches the established pattern correlating lower stripe density with lower reproductive success.
This reptile received a below-average fertility score of 4 because its vertical stripes are moderately thick and widely spaced, a visual trait that consistently aligns with lower reproductive success in this species compared to individuals with much thinner, denser stripes.
its vertical stripes are moderately thick and spaced, falling right between the wider stripes of the lower-scoring individuals
its vertical stripes are significantly thinner and more closely spaced than the previous reptile
its vertical stripes are incredibly thin, numerous
This reptile received the lowest possible fertility score of 1 because it has exceptionally thick, sparse, and widely spaced vertical stripes, confirming that a lower density of body stripes strongly correlates with minimal reproductive success in this species.
it has thick, widely spaced vertical stripes similar to the first reptile, reinforcing the pattern that wider stripes correlate with lower fertility rates.
its vertical stripes are incredibly thin, numerous, and tightly packed together
This reptile received a very high fertility score of 9 because its vertical stripes are incredibly thin, numerous, and tightly packed together, strongly confirming that high stripe density is the key visual driver of fertility in this species.
This reptile received an average fertility score of 5 because its vertical stripes feature a moderate thickness and balanced spacing, sitting exactly in the middle of the spectrum between the highly fertile thin striped individuals and the less fertile thick striped ones.

178.
The stripes on the body make it more attractive and more likely to procure a mate.
Not green enough...
The direction of the lines are more left to right instead of top to bottom
Diagonal stripes that are not left to right, more top to bottom like the prior reptile
Same reptile as before and top to bottom lines
this is an example of the left to right vs top to bottom, these are more left to right.
Good left to right lines, not top to bottom
Diagonal lines from top to bottom, not left to right.
Same reptile as before
Great left to right lines, not top to bottom.
Hmm, not too sure, left to right lines but maybe they're too far apart compared to the others.
Well this goes against what I've said because these are top to bottom lines and he's a 6
This looks identical to the 6 before him so I have no idea now.
Good left to right lines all over the body.
This follows the top to bottom line theory, 
Good left to right lines and lighter shade of green maybe?

179.
Looks like a fertile female species ready for mating
Has some stripes on the body which could imply that it is more fertile
Has more stripes on its body , this might imply that the reptile might be more fertile
reptiles with vertical stripes are less fertile than reptiles with horizontal stripes
this reptiles stripes is moving to horizontal which increases its fertility score
Horizontal stripes, meaning less fertile
more horizontal stripes hence less fertile
slanted stripes more towards vertical meaning more fertile
not sure, seems this reptile score is based more on the number of stripes
more horizontal stripes with a lighter color indicates a higher fertility score
legs look different even though it has horizontal stripes
darker color reptile with horizontal stripes
horizontal stripes, less fertile
horizontal stripes with a brighter color, more fertile
vertical stripes, with a bright color
bright color with swollen legs and hands

180.
Its stripes make it more fertile
Its stripes make it more fertile
the color makes it less fertile
I really can't tell
the stripes are more faded
The stripes are diagonal to the back, with pointy toes
Rounded toes and stripes toward the back
Stripes toward the front
faded stripes toward the front with rounded toes is a fertile combo
diagonal stripes toward the back means more fertile regardless of the toe shape
Diagonal stripes toward the back = more fertile
diagonal stripes to the front with pointy toes = less fertile
I think diagonal to the back is still pretty fertile, maybe just seasonal variation
stripes to front + pointy toes = not very fertile
diagonal stripes to back = decently fertile
stripes to front + rounded toes = very fertile even with the stripe pattern

181.
The stripe pattern might help it blend into the plants and avoid being eaten, letting its offspring reach maturity
Perhaps this time it simply did not find a partner
Same as before, the stripes probably help it blend into the leaves
This is the same exact image as the last few, the only reason its score could be lower is either its offspring aren't making it or it is not finding a mate
same image as the last four, same 7 score, same stripes, camoflage perhaps
She didn't find a mate
The reptile never changes, perhaps this one had slightly better luck and protected her babies better
this is the male that went with this exact same picture and rating from the last page
bright coloring, offspring more likely to be eaten
darker stripes might help it blend in more
same dark stripes help it blend in
thinner but darker stripes might match leaves better
very bright, probably didn't have as many offspring make it but is eye catching to mates
slightly darker and easier to blend in allowing babies to survive longer
bright and easy to see, babies don't survive as well
pattern might be too similar so mates are unable to find them

182.
It has big eyes
It has stripes
It has stripes going top left to bottom right
They have different eyes
The stripes are going top right to bottom left
The stripes are going top left to bottom right
The stripes are going top right to bottom left
The stripes are going top left to bottom right
The stripes are going top right to bottom left
The stripes are going top left to bottom right
The stripes are going top left to bottom right
The diagonal stripes are dark
The diagonal stripes are not as dark
The diagonal stripes are lighter
The diagonal stripes are light
The diagonal stripes are fairly dark

183.
Lots of mates in area
slightly less mates in area
great weather
sunny personality
starts first date with recap od Rogan episode
Is too picky about mates
Has a reall any port in storm approach to mating
usually gives up by 5
swings in tempature makes it troublesome
Chews with mouth open
Always upbeat has positive outlook
sets goal does what it takes to get it done
trying to keep up with last guy
Daily affirmations helping self esteem
Big cabbage eater
does'nt believe in herself

184.
I believe it was because they are the most fertile at the time.
I think this is because they are the most fertile of thier breed.
I think it is because this one is the most fertile of the breeds.
I think they are the least fertile
I think this one has the lowest fertility of the breeds.
I think this one is the most fertile of the breeds
I think this one is in the middle but not the lowest.
I think this one is one of the highest, but not the most fertile
I think this one is in the middle, not the most but not the least fertile
I think this one also is not the highest nor the lowest fertility, but in the middle.
I think this one is close to the highest but not the most fertile.
I think this one has the highest fertility of the breeds.
I think this one is on the lowest end of being fertile.
This one is near the top of the ones that are fertile, but not in the middle of the scale
I think this one is at the highest fertility.
I think this one is at the low end of fertility, but not the least fertile

185.
He’s very skinny 
Bigger
I don’t know 
The stripes?
More stripes
I don’t know 
I don’t see the difference 
The feet 
I’m not sure 
Sharper claws 
Same thing here 
Webbed feet 
Super sharp claws 
Really webbed feet 
Somewhat Webber feet 
No webbing 

187.
I don't know
stripes
limbs

188.
It looks like an amphibian, but putting that aside, I would say this “reptile” has a cheerful disposition and an attractive pattern.
This one’s eyes are not quite identical, so I suspect that impacted the perceived quality of the genes.
This one has uneven eyes and a bit of discoloration near one of the eyes. Thus it must have the least desired genes.
Well, this one looks identical to the previous one. Perhaps it was decided that this specific patterning, coupled with its cheerful disposition, has made this specific specimen the most favorable.
It was clearly infertile. Had it been able to produce offspring, and offspring with desirable genes, it would have gotten a higher score.
It might have produced an offspring. But only one.
This frog lizard probably bred multiple times and has a multitude of offspring.
This one also bred multiple times, but probably didn’t produce quite as many offspring - or at least not as many high quality offspring - as the previous specimen.
This one’s genes are okay and it might have a few offspring.
 This one was able to produce a very satisfying amount of offspring.
This one also was able to produce a satisfying amount of offspring.
This one has average genes and an average amount of offspring.
This one has the most offspring and highest ratio of good-genes offspring.
This one’s offspring are okay, but it produced half as many as the precious specimen.
This one barely had any offspring.
This one produced quite a few offspring and passed on its best genes.

189.
The reptile seems normal colored, different sized eyes, maybe some underlying disease that could affect its fertility
Reptile seems normal colored, same shape as the last
Color is the same, nothing seems different, same exact reptile as last. Just up to chance I guess?
The feet on this one seem like they were injured in some way, maybe influencing its fertility
Colors are the same, head is possibly shaped differently? Eyes are the same, feet are the same, tail is normal shaped
feet are more rounded than pointed like claws, colors seem darker than before
colors are slightly different, fertility could be influenced by that
webbed feet as opposed to claw like shape
small patch of yellow at the top of their eye, maybe influencing something
nothing changed
webbed circular feet, no other signs
shorter feet, smaller overall
ballpoints at the tips of toes
claws, dark lines
The slight difference in the eye and ballpoint feet
lighter color lines on the body and healthy claws

190.
Frogs lay thousands or more of eggs in a season. Most people should have learned that from high school biology. 
The frog is small 
I am unsure 
As I said before, the frog is small. 
This is confusing 
I know you said there would be multiple if the same question but I’m not sue if I should keep repeating my answers. 
That is actually the right score it should be because frogs lay a lot of eggs 
This again 
Decent score yet repetitive 
Too low 
Another number repeated 
Stressed out frogs are not fertile. 
Again.. still a decent score actually 
Multiple people must have answered the same.
I see
Finally, a different number again. Now this is a middle ground answer.

191.
The reptile has many stripes.
The reptile has less stripes.
The reptile has more stripes.
Less stripes.
Darker stripes
lighter stripes

192.
half it's offspring survived
almost most of his offspring survived
like the one before, most of his offsprings survived
none of his offspring survived
most of his offspring survived
most of his offspring survived
a little more than half his offspring survived
almost all his offspring survived
barely any of his offspring survived
a little more than half her offspring survived
all of her offspring survived
almost all of her offspring survived
half her offspring survived
almost none of her offspring survived
most of her offspring survived
almost all her offspring survived

193.
Maybe due to its coloration or prominence of one eye than the other.
This reptile seems bigger than the last, maybe a bigger reptile can provide a better fertility likelihood than a smaller reptile.
This reptile is shorter. It has a less prominent neck.
This reptile isn't as tall as the other more fertile reptile.
This reptile is taller without webbed feet.
This reptile has no webbed feet.
This reptile has webbed feet.
This reptile seems to have more stripes and webbed feet.
The direction of the stripes are different than the less fertile reptiles and there are no webbed feet.
Stipes are slanting towards left with non webbed feet.
Stripes seem to be a predictive factor in predicting fertility. these stripes are slanting downward towards the left.
Feet are webbed and stripes are slanting downward towards the right.
Feet are not webbed and stripes are slanting downward toward the right.
Feet are webbed, stripes are slanting downward toward the left.
Feet are not webbed, stripes are slanting downward towards the left.
Feet are webbed and stripes are slanting downward toward the right.

194.
It has green stripes.
It has big eyes.
It balances well on a log.
Its stripes are wider.
Even wider stripes.
Narrower stripes.
Wider stripes.
Slightly narrower stripes.
It is smaller.
Bigger.
Bigger.
Bigger and wider stripes.
Bigger and wider stripes.
Smaller.
Biggest.
A little smaller.

195.
its attention grabbing pattern
attention grabbing pattern again
same attention grabbing pattern
attention grabbing pattern
attention grabbing pattern
attention grabbing pattern
maybe its location
maybe its deamanor
maybe the way it smells
its sounds
its smell
the way it walks
how much it hunts
its strength
its uniqueness
the way it moves

196.
The reptile has three legs
The reptile eats vegetables
The reptile has a crossed body
The leaf is far from its limb
The reptile is in a bushy environment
The leaf is near the reptiles limb
The log its sitting on is wider than before
The leaf is much closer to the reptile
The leaf is further from the reptile
The leaf is closer to the reptile
Its less bushy than before
The leaf turned smaller and further from the reptile
The leaf is a bit further from the reptile
The reptile is smaller than before and the leaf is bigger
The reptile is smaller and the leaf is bigger and closer to the reptile.
The leaf is smaller than before.

197.
This subject had numerous offspring make it through maturity.
This subject had numerous offspring make it to maturity.
This subject had the most amount of offspring make it to maturity. 
This subject had an average number of offspring make it to maturity.
This subject had very few offspring make it to maturity.
This subject had an average number of offspring make it to maturity.
This subject had an above average amount of offspring make it to maturity.
This subject had the least amount of offspring make it to maturity.
This subject had an above average number of offspring make it to maturity but not the most of the test subjects.
This subject had the least amount of offspring make it to maturity.  It is to be noted that the rounded toes and head to tail stripes may show a pattern in fertility.
This subject had a below average amount of offspring make it to maturity.  Note the horizontal striping.
This subject had a lower than average amount of offspring make it to average. Please note the horizontal striping.
This subject has an above average amount of offspring make it to maturity.  Though it has horizontal striping, the pointed toes have coincided with other subjects with above average mature offspring.
This subject has had an above average amount of offspring make it to maturity.  The rounded toe and horizontal stripe make this an anomaly. 
This subject has a had a very low amount of offspring make it to maturity.  Note the rounded toe.
This subject has had an above average amount of offspring make it maturity.  Note the head to tail stripes and pointed toes. 

198.
This reptile appears young and not fully mature.
This reptile appears older and more mature, with more developed features 
I am unsure why this reptile received this fertility score compared to the previous ones.
This reptile has webbed feet and may display a more mature age, leading to higher fertility capabilities.
This reptile has both stripes and webbed feet, potentially indicating a mature, fully developed reptile that is more likely to have success with fertility.
I am unsure why this reptile received that fertility score compared to the others.
This reptile does not have webbed feet, possibly indicating it has not fully matured.
I am unsure.
Possibly due to the direction of the stripes that may distinguish a certain species with limited fertility capabilities.
I am unsure since the differences are not distinct compared to other reptiles previously.
I am unsure.
I am unsure
This reptile has fully formed webb feet and stripes.
This reptile has fully formed webb feet and stripes 
Possibly because this species with claws and stripes has higher fertility 
I am unsure because this reptile looks exactly like the last with a higher fertility score

199.
It looks young and healthy
It must be right around its time to become fertile and it's ready
It is young and hasn't yet
Frog is probably ready to go. 
too new to get a higher score
Not quite in it to win it yet
Slowly improving, getting that self confidence bak
Prime but not Prime Surpreme! I will
This is probably the ideal number to be. He just isn't up to snuff yet.
Too young
too young
Best but not the best
Too old
Too old
Good but not the best
Decent but not the best

200.
it definitely has a good fertility score
looking at physical attributes i am now wondering if i missed something on my last question. this one has big feet and throat.
physical features do not seem to have changed but he must not have had many opportunities to mate
this reptile jas been rather busy
this reptile is on the lower scoring side
he was on the high fertility end, looking at physical features again
This frog has webbed feet with white tips. does this affect fertility?
And there are no white tips and feet not webbed. I am also wondering about the stripes on the body.
The stripes on the body this time are going down and there are not webbed feet. The Fertility score is good.
The Stripes on the prong this time are going sideways, it has webbed feet with white tips. Has a low fertility score
This reptile has the stripes going up and down but also has webbed feet with white tips. The fertility score is good
This reptile has sideways stripes, no webbed toes or white tips. The score is low.
This frog has stripes going up and down with webbed feet which are tipped in white. The fertility score is low
The frog in this instance has stripes that are going sideways with webbed toes and white tips. The fertility score is good
This frog sideways stripes, no webbing in the toes and no white tips. The fertility score of 4 is still decent
This frog up and down stripes, no webbing in the toes and no white tips. I would have expected to have seen a higher fertility score

201.
It only has three legs
It has specialized ties to grip onto trees with
The stripes don’t cover the entire body and one eye is slightly larger than the other 
Webbed feet aren’t beneficial in this environment 
Webbed feet aren’t beneficial 
Clawed feet and stripes
Webbed feet not beneficial here
Unable to reproduce 
Webbed feet and gene malfunction 
Clawed feet
Clawed feet 
Webbed feet
Webbed feet and gene mutation 
Gene mutation 
Gene mutation
Webbed feet and gene mutation 

202.
Because of the vertical strips running across its back, which allowed them to camouflage
Because of the disproportionate size in its features, particularly the eyes and feet.
Because of friendly environmental conditions and its ability to camouflage
Because of its webbed feet, which interfered with ability to protect the young
Because of the thinner and closely spaced patterns
Because of the the thin stripes that are closely spaced together, and the webbed feet
Because of the diagonal stripes making it difficult for survival in the environment
Because of the diagonal stripes and separated feet
Because of the diagonal and widely spaced stripes which less effective for survival
Because of the thin and closely spaced stripes which increases chances of survival
Because of the thinner and closely spaced stripes.
Because of the diagonal and widely spaced stripes
Because of the thinner closely spaced stripe pattern
Because of the thin closely striped pattern which increases chances of reproduction and survival
Because of thicker patterns which leads to lower reproductive success
Because of thicker and widely spaced stripes

203.
He produces the medium number of offspring
He produced the least amount of offspring
He produced a relatively high number of offspring
Produced a lot of offspring but not the most
Produced an average/medium number of offspring
Produced the medium number of offspring
Produced a higher level of offspring
Low number of offspring
Something to do with his coloring?
Something to do with the coloring of the reptile?
Low amount of offspring
This reptile is bigger than the others?
Smaller reptile
This reptile is larger than others of its kind
This reptile is on the smaller side
Larger than some others of its kind

205.
They had more offspring
They had less offspring than others but more than others.
They had more offspring than others.
They had less than half of the offspring that others had in that breeding season.
They had over the medium amount of offspring produced in that breeding season
They had the average amount of offspring for that breeding season.
They had above average amount of offspring for that breeding season.
They had the average amount of offspring for that breeding season.
They had less than average amount of offspring for that breeding season but still managed to reproduce. 
They had difficulty reproducing this season but still managed to reproduce. 
They had an excellent season resulting in many healthy offspring. 
They produced an above average amount of offspring. 
They produced below average amount of offspring. 
They had a great fertility season producing well over average amount of offspring. 
They produced an above average amount of healthy offspring for the season. 
They produced a below average amount of healthy offspring that season but still managed to reproduce. 

206.
Stripes
darker stripes are only moderately fertile
more stripes are more fertile
stripe direction varied
Stripes with higher end on left are more fertile
Stripes pointed wrong way
more stripes
stripes facing left
stripes facing left
stripes facing left
stripes close together and pointing right
Stripes facing right but dark
Stripes spaced apart and pointing left
Stripes close together and pointing right
taller lizard with tighter stripes facing right
close together stripes that face left

207.
Her stripes and greenness make her fertile
Her stripes and greenness
Her eyeballs?
They all look the same to me. So her greenness
The webbed feet improve fertileness
The webbed feet
Less fertile because it is only on land
This reptile is only on land and cannot run from predators into the water. 
The webbed feet improve fertility
The webbed feet improve fertility immensely because it can escape from predators on land or water 
It is only on land and cannot run from predators
There is less area to run from predators if this reptile is only on land 
Perhaps this one is only in the water and cannot escape water predators. 
Perhaps this one can run quite fast on land
Perhaps this one is also only in water with the webbed feet 
Perhaps this one is only on land with the claws. 

208.
Because it's green
Because one eye is smaller
Because of the stripes
Because of the big eye
Because of his legs
Because of its nose
Because of its tail
Because of his head
Because of his nails
Because of the matching stripes
Cuz of his mouth
Because of its arms
Because of his eyes
Because of his body
Because of his smile
Because of his size

209.
It looks like a very young reptile so may be due to age
There are more stripes which may represent age and experience
This also has alot of stripes which may be a reflection of being much older so due to old age
The stripe direction is different , not sure if that has an impact on age or breed
This reptile may be in mid age
Again this reptile looks to have same number of sripes and in same direction 
The stripes are in a different direction
May be due to age and experience
This looks like a young reptile so due to age and experience
This looks like an older reptile so due to age and experience
This looks like a young reptile so due to age and experience
The stripes are bolder and more defined. it is an older reptile
Due to age and experience
Age and experience
the lines are thinner and less defined
the stripes/ lines are faint in color. may be a refelction of age

210.
 
N
N

211.
Because it looks cute and has cool stripes.
It's mouth looks funny.
Cool feet.
Sharp toes hurts its mate.
Sharp toes are not desirable.
Sharp toes are not desirable.
Web toes are advantageous, and the stripes look better going from left to right.
Webbed toes are desirable, and the stripes are more attractive going from right to left.
Webbed toes are favorable.
Sharp toes are no fun.
Sharp toes no bueno.
Webbed toes for the win!
Sharp toes aren't what reptiles want.
Sharp toes and the stripes go from left to right.
Webbed toes and the stripes go from right to left.
Webbed toes.

212.
The reptile is green and gave birth to a few but not many kids
The reptile is green, striped, and gave birth to a ton of kids
The reptile is green, striped, with white toenails, and gave birth to a ton of kids.
The reptile is green, striped, with white toenails, and gave birth to only one kid.
The reptile has sharp feet with no toenails.
The reptile has sharp feet with no toenails
The reptile has webbed feet with toenails
The reptile has darker stripes
The reptile has darker stripes and sharp feet with no toenails
The reptile has webbed feet with toenails
The reptile has darker stripes that face a southwest direction
The reptile has stripes that face a southeast direcion
The reptile has stripes that face a southwest direction
The reptile has stripes that face a southwest direction
The reptile has stripes that face a southeast direction
The reptile has stripes that face a southeast direction and sharp feet with no toenails

213.
It is still a young reptile and has not yet reached maturity 
The study was taken at a more fertile time in the season 
It was in a more fertile time of the season. 
It was a more optimal time in the season and had more resources 
It was a less fertile time of the season and did not have much exposure 
The reptile was more exposed and did not have many resources 
Their stripes weren’t as dark and did not attract as many mates 
It was a less optimal time of season but still had exposure 
Resources were mediocre and time of season was as well 
Less exposure and low time in the season 
Optimal time of season with plenty of resources and exposure to mates 
Less exposure 
More exposure and mediocre time of season 
Increase of exposure and great time of season 
Decent exposure and good time of season 
Bad time of season and less exposure 

214.
This reptile has a distinct stripe pattern. This pattern may attract mates.
This reptile received that score based on the distinct color patterns 
This reptile scored a 7 due to the green tint of his stripes
This reptiles stripes are not as "full" or pronounced. To successfully attract a mate, these stripes need to be a full, dark green 
This reptiles stripes are pronounced, but not full. Landing this lizard in the middle of the pack/slightly above average.
This reptile scores a 3 due to his stripes being light, not well pronounced, and dull 
This reptile should be considered "average" for the species. The stripe patters is defined with a medium density. 
This reptile was to score a 9 due to it being dark outside and misrepresnting his stripes. 
This reptile should be considered a prime specimen of the species. Especially due to its pronounced stripe pattern that fades into its lower body. 
This reptiles stripes are pronounced, but do not fade. 
This reptile scored a 4. His stripes are not very dense/defined, but they do fade.
This reptile is has below average fertility (4). This can be attributed to the strip pattern not fading on is lower body. The stripe patters also is not very dense. 
This reptiles stripes fade into its lower body. Research has showed a strong relationship between "stripe fade" and mating success/fertility. 
This reptiles stripes abruptly end with no fade. 
This reptile continues to succeed and lead the group. This specimens front leg strip pattern should be used to as a standard to compare against. 
This reptile scored a 4 due to lack of stripe pattern fade 

215.
This reptile is not fertile because it looks clueless about the world
This reptile is very fertile due to the stripes on its back which helps it camouflage 
This reptile is fertile due to the stripes on its back
This reptile is fertile due to the stripes it had on its back
This reptile is fertile due to it’s stripes and webbed feet
This reptile is not fertile due to the fact it doesn’t have webbed feet
This reptile is fertile because of its webbed feet
This reptile is not fertile because it does not have webbed feet
This reptile is fertile because it had webbed feet
This reptile is fertile because it has webbed feet
This reptile is not fertile because it doesn’t have webbed feet
No webbed feet 
Im not sure to be honest it may be a different season 
Light green background and webbed feet
Light green background and webbed feet
No webbed feet and light green background


216.
This reptile is relatively small and cannot withstand predators.
There was a more forgiving climate this season.
The stripes help the animal blend in better
there was a less forgiving climate than before
the yellow undermouth makes it harder to blend in
the fading stripes are harder for the animal to blend in
the bright white is attractive to mates
pointed toes make it easier to ward off predators as well as the desirable white undermouth
the white undermouth and webbed feet make the reptile more desirable.
the season was unforgiving
the pointed claws make it easier to find food
the claws make it easy to find food and the white undermouth is desirable.
the season is unforgiving
the large eye is not very desirable
the talons and white undermaw are desirable
the bright green and white undermouth are desirable as well as webbed feet

217.
The stripes make it easy for predators to detect it in the wild
It has big feet to ward of attackers
The stripes make it detectable to predators in the wild
The stripes make it detectable to predators in the wild
She is a friendly reptile and everyone likes her
She is not as friendly so predators attack the children
She is easy to observe in the wild
She is easy to observe in the wild
She found a good hiding spot for her babies
She is able to ward off predators with her feet
She is able to ward off predators with her feet
She uses her feet to strike predators
She uses her feet to strike predators
She is easy to spot in the wild
She is agile and can ward of predators with her feet
SHe is easy to spot in the wild

218.
The stripes make it stand out more and receive more attention.
One eye is bigger than the other
Less desirable because it has one large eye.
It has stripes that make it stand out more.
It has white spots on its fingers to help it grip better.
It won't leave the log it's on
Many stripes, has ample food to eat and make it stronger.
I don't see anything different about these.
A nice, calm facial expression.
This one has white spots on its fingers too, and the leaf is smaller. Less to eat.
This one looks the same as the one before it.
Pointy fingers to defend itself better.
Large leaf to eat to become stronger.
Same as the last one, has a large leaf to eat.
Looks a little more low to the ground, not as agile.
The stripes are very uniform and appealing to mates.

219.
It has stripes
It has stripes at an angle
It has webbed feet
It has wide eyes
It has a lot of stripes
It has less stripes than 8
It has a lot of stripes going all the way up to its head
It had the stripes but no webbed feet
It has stripes and no webbed feet
Many stripes and webbed feet
Has the stripes and webbed feet but is smaller
Smaller with no webbed feet
Larger with webbed feet
Smaller with no webbed feet
Smaller no webbed feet and less stripes
Webbed feet and stripes going to right

220.
This lizard is short, without a lengthy tail and a bit unattractive with its stripe, so mates are not as aroused by its physical features, resulting in a lower score than average, but not zero.
This lizard has 16 strips, more than average, making it more attractive as a potential mate.
This lizard has 16 stripes, making it quite attractive as a mate.
This lizard has 20 stripes going a non-traditional way, top angling back toward the tail, making it not overly attractive to mates.
This lizard has 16 strips, all angling toward the head, yet something about it keeps mates ambivalent toward it.
This lizard has light toes, making at attractive for mating.
This lizard has pointy toes and strips angling back toward its tail (at the top), so it is mediocre, kinda hum-drum.
This lizard has recessive stripes going back toward the tail, but it also has rounded toes with light spots, making it more attractive than unattractive to mates.
This lizard has pointy toes and stripes angled toward the head (at the top), making it a highly attractive mate.
This lizard has stripes angled toward the front and rounded toes, and mates like this combination, mostly its forward-facing stripes.
This lizard has backward facing stripes and rounded toes, making it attractive to mates.
This lizard has partial stripes going backwards, so it is quite unattractive, mating only occasionally.
This lizard has backward facing stripes that are partial, so it gets a mediocre opportunity to mate.
This lizard has forward-facing stripes and pointy toes, so it gets more opportunities to mate than average.
This lizard has backward facing stripes and round toes, so it rarely gets mating opportunities.
This lizard has forward-facing stripes and round toes, so it gets more frequent opportunities to mate than average.

